--- Page 1 ---


--- Page 2 ---
Alien Interview
Copyright (c) 2008 by Lawrence R. Spencer. All Rights Reserved.
Cover and book design by Lawrence R. Spencer
Printed in The United States of America First Edition Printing: 2008
ISBN: 978-0-6152-0460-4


--- Page 3 ---
Contents
Disclaimer
Foreword:
Preamble
Dedication
Editorial Guidelines Used In This Book
Introduction:
About The Source Of Material In This Book
Matilda O'Donnell MacElroy
The Letter from Mrs. MacElroy
Chapter One. My First Interview With The Alien
Chapter Two My Second Interview
Chapter Three My Third Interview
Chapter Four The Language Barrier
Chapter Five Reading Lessons
Chapter Six My Education Begins
Chapter Seven A Lesson In Ancient History
Chapter Eight. A Lesson In Recent History
Chapter Nine A Time Line of Events
Chapter Ten A Lesson In Biology
Chapter Eleven A Lesson In Science
Chapter Twelve A Lesson In Immortality
Chapter Thirteen A Lesson In The Future
Chapter Fourteen. Airl Reviews The Interview Transcripts
Chapter Fifteen My Interrogation
Chapter Sixteen Airl Departs
Post Script from Mrs. MacElroy
Acknowledgements
My sincerest thanks to the enthusiastic, insightful editorial support of
Michel and Brenda. Thank you very much to all of the diligent and unselfish
work of the owners, staff and tireless contributors and editors
ofWikipedia.org upon which the material in this book relies heavily for
efficacious documentary support of many of the footnoted items sited in the
text of the transcripts and comments from Matilda O 'Donnell MacElroy.


--- Page 4 ---
Disclaimer
As far as the Editor of the book, "Alien Interview " is concerned, and for all
practical purposes, the content of the book is a work of fiction. The Editor
makes no claim to the factuality of the content, and in fact, cannot prove that
the alleged author actually ever existed. Although some of the dates,
locations, persons and incidents described may be factual or based on fact,
there is no evidence to authenticate that equally as many may be subjective
contrivances of the author.
All of the information, notes and transcripts received by the Editor are
contained in their complete, original form, as represented in the book. The
Editor is no longer in possession of any original documents or copies of
original documents from the author, i. e. Mrs. MacElroy.
Some material contained in the book may have similarities to Earth
philosophies as the variety of these are too numerous to list, and bear too
many fundamental similarities to be easily differentiated. Although the book
discusses the origins of the universe, the time track of the physical universe,
paranormal activities of immortal and/or extraterrestrial beings, "aliens" or
"gods", it is in no way the intention of the Editor to represent, endorse,
forward or assume the viewpoint of the author, any political doctrine,
economic vested interest, scientific hypothesis, religious practice or
philosophy, whether terrestrial or extraterrestrial.
The notes and transcripts contained in the book, are solely and only the
based on the representations and documents provided by the author, the late
Matilda O'Donnell MacElroy, unless otherwise specifically annotated by
Footnotes in The Appendix of the book.
The Editor is not responsible for any assumptions, inferences or conclusions
made by the reader based on the material is this book, which are solely and
only the responsibility of the reader.
What is true for you, is true for you.
Lawrence R. Spencer -- Editor
Table Of Contents
APPENDIX: EDITOR'S
FOOTNOTES............................................................................ 156 - 303


--- Page 5 ---
Foreword:
"We ask, as Fools who know not Our Own Spirit: Where are the
hidden traces left by The Gods?"
-- Rig Veda —
book i, stanza 164, lines 5 a & b


--- Page 6 ---
Preamble
What greater brutality can be inflicted on anyone than to erase or deny
the spiritual awareness, identity, ability, and memory that is the essence
of oneself?
— Lawrence R. Spencer -2008


--- Page 7 ---
Dedication
This book is dedicated to all Immortal Spiritual Beings, whether they are
aware of themselves as such, or not. It is especially dedicated to the wisdom,
courage and integrity of those Greater Beings, who in various incarnations at
various times during the past, in the present and into the future, enkindle and
carry the Flame of Truth into the darkest corners of the universe.
This dedication is not only to the philosophical teachings and technologies
developed by these beings, but to the demonstrated and documented courage
to apply their philosophy in the face of overwhelming ignorance, overt
hostility and aggressive suppression by lesser beings and by the selfserving
vested interests of inter-galactic and planetary political, economic, and
religious institutions.
Though relatively few in number, the profound wisdom and heroic
dedication of such beings, and those who share their quest, have been
the only effective deterrent to spiritual slavery. Freedom,
Communication, Creativity ,Trust and Truth for all Immortal Spiritual
Beings in this universe is their legacy. The Good Examples set by them is
our sanctuary and sustenance. Personal, diligent application of their
teachings is our weapon against the dwindling spiral of chaos and oblivion
that is the material universe.
-- Lawrence R. Spencer --


--- Page 8 ---
Editorial Guidelines Used In This Book
I have tried not to edit the material I received from Mrs. MacElroy except to
the degree necessary to make a logical sequence of the material she
mailed to me. Wherever possible I have quoted or transcribed her original
written notes verbatim.
In some instances I have taken editorial liberty to add other information, or
supplementary commentary which I feel will add useful definitions,
or clarification to the information given in the official transcripts, or to
her remarks or observations. These appear as a numbered "(Footnote)" in
the Appendix at the end of the book. All footnote references, where
possible, are copied verbatim from the free internet encyclopedia
website www.wikipedia.org. If information was not available through
Wikipedia.org,
I used the popular internet search engine www.google.com to find a website
reference that seemed most appropriate to the subject matter.
Mrs. MacElroy did not make a notation of dates in the most of the
documents, so I am not certain that the sequence of material matches
the actual sequence of events, or sequence of the interviews, except as noted
on the official transcripts themselves.
Since it has been 60 years since the date of the interviews, and considering
the age of Mrs. MacElroy before her death, I reasoned that she did
not necessarily have an acute recollection of exact names, dates and
times, except as recorded in the transcripts of July 8th through August 12th,
1947.
The material in this book is organized into three different types. The
following notations will be used to designate where these appear in this
book:
1)    (MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY PERSONAL NOTES)
(TYPE FONT: Times Roman, 12 point)
2)    (OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
(Courier New, 12 point)
3)    1 (Footnote)
(TYPE FONT: Arial, 10 point, Bold)
-- The Editor


--- Page 9 ---
Vested Interest:
@,
Definitions
a survival or non-survival plan or agenda which has been "clothed" to
make it seem like something other than what it actually is.
©,
any person, group or entity which prevents or controls communication
to serve their own purposes, (plans or agenda).
Reference: Page 37, The Oz Factors, by Lawrence R. Spencer.
Mystery:
©,
an enigma or problem involving paradox or apparent contradiction
©
profound, inexplicable, or secretive quality or character
-- Reference: www.merriam-webster.com


--- Page 10 ---
Introduction:
The Mystery of UFOs and
Extraterrestrials
If you have studied UFO phenomena at all, you are already familiar with the
infamous Orson Welles radio broadcast of "War of the Worlds, And
The Invasion from Mars" 1 (Footnote) on Oct. 30, 1938. This fictitious
radio dramatization of an invasion of Earth by "aliens" incited a global UFO
and extraterrestrial hysteria long before the UFO crash near Roswell, N.M.
in 1947.
During the past 60 years, since the alleged Roswell crash, there have been
tens of thousands of reported UFO sightings. A global hysteria has
emerged from "evidence" of what is presumed to be extraterrestrial
phenomenon. Concurrently, the unrelenting denial of this phenomenon by
the U.S. government has precipitated an uninterrupted flurry of accusations,
counteraccusations, cover-up conspiracy theories, lunatic fringe
speculations, "scientific investigations", etc., etc., ad nauseam, and a
growing multitude of similar alleged "close encounters".
My first thought when I received the package of documents from Mrs.
MacElroy was: "This is just another set of Majestic-12 documents".
2 (Footnote) I am referring to a "mysterious package" reportedly received by
mail in 1984 shortly after the death of the last surviving member of the so-
called "Majestic-12" committee, alleged to have been organized by
President Harry Truman shortly after the Roswell incident in 1947.
There are several similarities to the "Majestic-12" documents and the
package I received from Mrs. MacElroy. In the case of the former,
an envelope was sent from an anonymous sender with no return address.
It contained an undeveloped roll of film. That's all. On the roll of film
were photos of documents that were assumed to be authentic by the recipient
and his colleagues whose vested interest, i.e. livelihood, depend heavily
on attracting public notice and credibility to themselves as "leading
authorities" on the subject of UFO phenomena. They have worked
relentlessly since then to discover "proof" that the documents are authentic.
Of course, government agencies deny everything alleged in the documents
and anything having to do with the subject of extraterrestrials in general.


--- Page 11 ---
In addition, the subject has become so thoroughly overwhelmed with
obvious false reports, discredited sources, hearsay, manufactured
falsehoods, misunderstandings, missing information, added inapplicable
information and a myriad of other conflicting complexities which have made
the subject laughable or unapproachable as a science. This may be
intentional, or simply a reflection of the general chaos and barbarism that is
Humanity.
As for government denials and cover-ups, the events of September 11,2001,
have made it abundantly apparent to me that the U.S. government
has destroyed any vestige of trust the American people and the world may
have harbored, even through the Vietnam war, Watergate, and many
similar betrayals, in the "honesty" of the American government, military
and intelligence community, by blatantly lying to it's own people about
almost anything and everything.
In spite of vast numbers of "UFO sightings", innumerable reports of "alien
abductions", and "close encounters" with extraterrestrials that pervade
nearly all of prehistoric and recorded human history I found only one
underlying, unifying, undisputable, axiomatic common denominator that
permeates all of this data:
Assuming that subjective reality, or beliefs, of individuals is acceptable
evidence, there has been no universally agreed upon "proof" that UFOs and /
or extraterrestrial life forms exist whether based on government admission
, physical evidence, circumstantial or subjective data.
There are several deductions I can infer from the lack of agreement,
government admission or physical evidence that such things are real that,
if verified, may lead to a workable solution to this mystery:
In spite of an enormous collection of subjective, circumstantial and
objective "evidence" of extraterrestrial activity on and around Earth, the
existence, intentions and the activities of extraterrestrials remain hidden
and mysterious.
Universally agreed upon proof of extraterrestrial life based on subjective
data, government admission, physical and circumstantial evidence
are subject to conflicting vested interests, which has made such
proof unattainable.


--- Page 12 ---
Collectively, these deductions beg the obvious question:
If extraterrestrials life forms exist, why is there no consistent, forthright,
open, interactive communication between Mankind and Extraterrestrials?
Fortunately, subjective reality does not require evidence or "proof".
Therefore, I decided to write this book in order to pass along a subjective
communication I received from Mrs. MacElroy to other people who may
be interested in it.
Personally, I am not assuming that anything I received from Mrs. MacElroy
is in any way authentic, with the exception of the envelope and the paper
inside the envelope. I cannot substantiate any of it. Indeed, I can't truly
verify that there was ever such a person as Mrs. MacElroy other than a voice
I heard over the phone in 1998. The voice could have been anyone.
Personally, I do not have a vested interest in UFO research. Yes, I've written
a few books about immortal spiritual beings -- because I'm interested in the
subject. But I haven't sold enough of those books to pay for the time it took
to write them.
It is a hobby. I earn my living as a small business consultant.
It is not my intention to justify, explain, or remedy any disability to perceive
or understand the mysteries of extraterrestrial existence, UFOs,
governments agendas or spiritual abilities. Nor is it intended to educate,
persuade, or promote to anyone that any of these phenomena exist.
Furthermore, what I may or may not think about any of this is irrelevant.
Moreover, I have burned all of the original documents, including the
envelope I received from Mrs. MacElroy. I do not want to spend the rest of
my life being hounded by UFO researchers, government agents, grocery
store tabloids reporters, UFO advocates and de-bunkers alike, or anyone
else.
Any "proofs" or attempts to authenticate the assertion that Mrs. MacElroy
actually interviewed an alien in 1947 will have to be done by others.
Ripley says, "Believe It, or Not". 3 (Footnote)
I say, "What's true for you, is true for you".
Lawrence R. Spencer Editor


--- Page 13 ---
About The Source Of Material In This
Book
The content of this book is primarily excerpted from the letter, interview
transcripts and personal notes I received from the late Matilda
O'Donnell MacElroy. Her letter to me asserts that this material is based on
her recollection of communication with an alien being, who "spoke" with
her telepathically. During July and August of 1947 she interviewed
an extraterrestrial being who she identifies as "Airl", and whom she claims
was and continues to be an officer, pilot and engineer who was recovered
from a flyer saucer that crashed near Roswell, New Mexico on July 8th,
1947.
Obviously, anyone reading anything about this most famous, or infamous, of
all "flying saucer" or "alien encounter" events must necessarily be
highly suspicious regarding 1) the authenticity of the report and 2) the
credibility of the source of information, especially when it appears for the
first time sixty years after the alleged event!
I received the aforementioned letter from Mrs. MacElroy on September
14th, 2007, together with a package of documents. The package contained
three types of documents:
1)    hand-written notes in cursive on ordinary, lined, 8 1/2" X
11"school notebook paper, which I assume had been written personally by
Mrs. MacElroy.
2)    notes typed on a manual typewriter on plain, white 20 lb. bond
paper, which I am assume were prepared personally by her. At least both
had the appearance of having been written in the same hand writing, and / or
typed on the same typewriter consistently throughout. The writing in the
notes I received also appeared to be the same as the writing on the address
and return address of the manila envelope I received from Navan, Ireland,
which was postmarked on 3 September, 2007. Since I am not a forensic
expert, or handwriting analyst, my opinion in these matter is not a
professionally qualified judgment.
3)    many pages of typewritten transcriptions of her interview with the
alien. These were obviously typed on a different typewriter. These pages
were typed on a different type of paper and showed apparent signs of age
and repeated handling.
None of these notes were assembled in any particular order, or by date,


--- Page 14 ---
except where indicated by a sentence or paragraph of preamble
or explanation by her, or by extrapolation from the context of the pages.
Voltaire 4 (Footnote) is quoted as having said: "History is a Mississippi of
lies".
According to the comments made by the alien in the interview transcripts,
supplied by Mrs. MacElroy, the fundamental lesson of history is that
many, many gods have become men, but very few men, if any, have
returned to being a god again.
According to the alien being -- "Airl" -- if anything he / she / it supposedly
communicated can be trusted -- and if the "translation" or interpretation
of this alleged communication is accurate, the history of this universe is a
"River of Lies" down which the might and freedom of all-powerful, god-
like, immortal spiritual beings ended and was lost in a Sea of Matter and
Mortality.
Furthermore, according to the very direct and undiplomatic statements made
-- which seem to express the "personal opinion" of the alien -- if one
were traveling the far reaches of the universe in search of a place called
"Hell", it would be an accurate description of Earth and the inhabitants in its
current condition.
To further compound, complicate and magnify the "incredible" source of the
"interview transcriptions" I received from Mrs. MacElroy is the fact that
they are:
1)    based almost entirely on "telepathic communication" between the
alien and Mrs. MacElroy.
2)    many of these interviews discuss "paranormal" activities of
"immortal spiritual beings".
Of course, most "scientific authorities" are unwilling to acknowledge or
perceive spiritual phenomena of any kind.
The dictionary definition of the word paranormal is:
adjective:
1.    cannot be explained by scientific methods
2.    supernatural, or seemingly outside "normal" sensory channels
By definition, people who use the word "paranormal" are 1) not able to
explain spiritual phenomena and 2) spiritual phenomena are outside of
their normal sensory channels.
In short, scientists suffer from the inability and/or unwillingness to


--- Page 15 ---
perceive and/or explain spiritual activities. Therefore, the discussion
of spiritual activities or spiritual universes in this book are expected to
be understood only by those who can and will perceive such things.
According to the time spans related by the alien in several of the interviews,
there are a number of compelling and heretofore unknown reasons
that suggest the possibility that many extraordinary miscalculations have
been made by Earth scientists regarding the origins and antiquity of the
universe, Earth, life forms and events. Of course, these may or may not be
accurate either, as time and it's ugly step-child, history, are largely
subjective.
However, it can be observed that, by contrast with interstellar or
"macrocosmic time", the historical perspective of residents of Earth is
limited to a relatively microscopic period of time, compared to what are
considered to be "recent events" in the chronology of an space travel
civilization, much less the entire time span of the universe.
The geological record of Earth is reckoned, by the best guesses of scientists,
to be only about 4 billion years. The antiquity of homo sapiens in
the archaeology textbooks is estimated at only a few million years, at most.
Even the entire biological spectrum is considered to have existed on this
planet for only a few hundred million years. And, by and large, the personal
memory of individual beings on this planet is limited to only one lifetime.
All other dates, events, or interpretations of events cited in this book are
from terrestrial sources, which are purely subjective observations,
conjectures, or inventions of human beings, including those of the author,
and must therefore be credited or disregarded by the reader accordingly,
considering the penchant of Earth inhabitants to myopia, egocentricity, and
general ignorance of the several universes in which we dwell.
This book is intended to be an informal presentation of information provided
to me, sixty years after the fact, of a series of interviews between an
alien space craft officer, pilot & engineer and an Army Air Force surgical
nurse.


--- Page 16 ---
Matilda O'Donnell MacElroy
Biographical Information
Since I have never met Mrs. MacElroy in person, and spoke with her over
the phone only once for about 20 minutes, I can not vouch personally for her
as a credible source of information. In fact, I cannot factually substantiate
that such a person actually existed, accept that I did speak with her on the
phone and I received hand-written material in the mail which was sent from
a physical address in Ireland.
When I spoke to her on the phone in 1998, I was living in Florida. At the
time of our brief phone interview, Mrs. MacElroy lived on Scotty Pride
Drive in Glasgow, Montana. I know this because I mailed a copy of my
book, The Oz Factors, to her as a gift after it was published in 1999. I am
sure she received the book, because she refers to it by name in the letter I
received from Ireland, and says that she read it.
I did a little research on the internet about Glasgow, Montana for my own
interest. Glasgow was founded in 1887 as a railroad town that
became popular during the 1930s because President FDR requested that Fort
Peck Dam be constructed there which became a huge source of employment
for the Glasgow area. In the 1960s the population flourished up to
12,000 because of Glasgow Air Force Base (SAC), which was used during
the Vietnam conflict and the earlier part of the 'Cold War'. The base
was deactivated and closed in 1969.
When I talked to Mrs. MacElroy on the phone she mentioned that she had
been relocated there by the U.S. Air Force after her service was
completed, and that's where she met her husband, who was an engineer. I
don't think she mentioned his first name. However, he worked on building
the Fort Peck Dam, which created the massive Fort Peck Lake. Although the
dam was finished in 1940, he was a great fisherman and outdoorsman, so he
stayed in the area. I gathered that the Irish heritage of the place had
something to do with it, but didn't pursue that point with her. I haven't been
able to find any record of a "MacElroy" who worked at the dam, but the
personnel records from that period are virtually non-existent as far as I can
determine.
I contacted her during my research for The Oz Factors book because I was
led to believe, through a very circuitous line of investigation, that this
women was suspected of having been involved with alien contact at Area
51, or the Roswell crash site, or something similar.


--- Page 17 ---
Through a sequence of circumstantial inferences and accidental referrals, I
actually found her number in the phone book and called her up just on
the chance that there might really be such a person.
Needless to say, when I called her she was less than forthcoming in her
response to my questions. However, I think she was impressed by
my genuine and innocent sincerity to get information for my book, and
realized that I had no nefarious or financially motivated purposes or reason
to exploit her in any way. Nonetheless, she did not give me any useful
information at that time, except to say that she had been in the Army and
was stationed in New Mexico in 1947.
She could not discuss anything whatsoever about any kind of incident, as
her life depended on remaining silent. Although this piqued my interest
even more, it was futile to try to push her any further, so I gave up and
forgot about her until last September, when I got the package from Ireland.
I tried to contact her in Ireland at the return address on the package, but
received no reply from her, nor have I been able to find anyone in
Meath County, Ireland who was acquainted with either of them except the
landlady from whom they rented a room for a few weeks before their deaths,
which seemed to have occurred simultaneously, although I have no real
evidence of this.
However, the post mark of the envelope she sent to me was stamped at the
post office in Navan, Co. Meath, Ireland on the date sited above. Since
there is an actual residence (according to Google Maps) at the return
address shown on the envelope, I wrote to the address and was advised by
the home owner that both Mrs. MacElroy and her husband, whose name
turns out to have been "Paul", were both recently deceased. She said that the
cremated remains of Mrs. MacElroy and her husband were interred at Saint
Finian Cemetery on Athboy Road.
Subsequently, I have not been able to find any record of her under the
maiden name of O'Donnell, nor have I had any success at discovering
any personal friend, family member or document to confirm her birth,
medical education, or military record, marriage or death, with the exception
of her landlady in Ireland (who is not a relative) just before her death. I
suspect that this is the false identity given to her by the military when she
left Roswell, as mentioned in her notes.
In either case, it seems likely that her identity and all evidence of her has
been expunged from the public record. I understand that certain
government agencies are adept at covering up evidence, or making records
(and people) disappear. It seems likely that this has been done in her case,
due to the highly sensitive nature of the Roswell incident and consistent with


--- Page 18 ---
the rest of the alleged "cover up".
Inasmuch as I do not have any further information to verify or substantiate
that any of the notes of these "interviews" sent to me by Mrs. MacElroy are
in any way factual, other than what I have already mentioned, let the
reader beware, and take heed accordingly!


--- Page 19 ---
The Letter from Mrs. MacElroy
August 12, 2007 Dear Lawrence,
I am typing this letter to you on my old Underwood typewriter that I bought
after I was discharged from the Army. Somehow it seems like a fitting
contrast to the subject of this letter and the documents you will find enclosed
in this envelope.
The last time I spoke to you was about eight years ago. During your brief
telephone interview with me you asked me to assist you with the research
for "The Oz Factors" book you were writing because you suspected that I
might know something that would help your investigation into the
possibility that extraterrestrial beings may have influenced the history of
Earth. When we spoke, I told you that I did not have any information that I
could share with you about anything.
Since then I have read your book and found it very interesting and
compelling. You are obviously a man who has done his homework, and who
could understand my own experiences. I've been thinking a lot about
your allusion to the old philosopher whom you paraphrased in our phone
conversation:     "with great power, comes greatresponsibility". Although I
don't think power is pertinent in my life or to my reasons for sending you the
enclosed documents, you certainly did get me thinking about my
responsibility.
Many men have been killed to extinguish the possibility of revealing the
knowledge I have helped to withhold from society, until now. Only a small
handful of people on Earth have seen and heard what I have had the
burden of keeping secret for sixty years. All those years I thought that I had
been entrusted with a great deal of confidence by the "powers that be" in our
government, although I have often felt that power is greatly misguided, to
"protect" Mankind from the certain knowledge that, not only do intelligent
extraterrestrial life forms exist, but that they have and continue
to aggressively monitor and invade the lives of everyone on Earth every day.
Therefore, I think the time has come to pass along my secret knowledge to
someone I think will understand it.
I don't think it would be responsible of me to take the knowledge I have into
the silent afterlife, beyond reach or recognition. I think there is a greater
good to be served than protecting the "vested interests" for whom this
information is considered a matter of "national security", whatever that
means, and is therefore justification for making it "TOP SECRET". 6


--- Page 20 ---
(Footnote)
Also, I am now 83 years old. I have decided to leave this body, which has
outlasted it's usefulness to me, using a painless method of self-administered
euthanasia. 7 (Footnote) I have a very few months to live, and nothing to fear
or lose.
So, I have moved away from Montana, where my husband and I lived for
most of my life, to spend our remaining days in a lovely rented upstairs
bedroom in a house in the homeland of my husband's family in County
Meath,
Ireland. 8 (Footnote)
I will die not far from "The Great Mound" at Knowth 9 (Footnote), and
Dowth, the "Fairy Mound of Darkness". These are sacred "cairns" or
massive stone structures that were erected about 3, 700 BCE and engraved
with indecipherable hieroglyphs -- about the same time as pyramids and
other inexplicable stone monuments were being built all over the Earth.
1 historic times. In ancient Irish religion and mythology this was the sacred
place of dwelling for the "gods" and was the entrance to the "other world".
Saint Patrick came to Tara to conquer the ancient religion of the pagans. He
may have suppressed the religious practices in the area, but he certainly
did not have any impact on the "gods" who brought these civilizations to
Earth, as you will discover when you read the documents enclosed.
Therefore, this is a fitting location for my departure from this unholy
world and final release from the burdens of this life.
The crystal clear perspective of hindsight has revealed a higher purpose to
me: assisting the survival of the planet, all living beings and life forms in
our galaxy!
The status quo of our government establishment has been to "protect the
people" from knowledge of such matters. In fact, the only protection
afforded by ignorance and secrecy is to hide the private agenda of those in
power to enslave others. And, by doing so, to disarm every perceived
enemy, and ally, through superstition and stupidity.
Therefore, I have enclosed the original and only existing copies of my
personal notes and reflections on a matter which I have kept hidden from
everyone, even my own family. I have also enclosed my copies of
typed transcripts created by the stenographer who transcribed all of my
interviews with the alien saucer pilot after each interview was finished. I do
not have any copies of the tape recordings that were made of my
interview reports. No one, until now, knows that I was able to secretly retain
copies of the official interview transcripts.


--- Page 21 ---
Now I am entrusting these documents to your discretion to impart to the
world in any form or manner you see fit. My only request is that you do so
in a way that will not threaten your own life or well being, if possible. If you
were to incorporate these notes of my experiences into a work of fiction,
such as a novel, the factual nature of the material could be easily
dismissed or discredited by any agency for whom "national security" is used
as a personal shield against scrutiny and justice.
In so doing, you could "disavow any knowledge" of their true origin, and
claim that it is a fictitious work of your imagination. Whoever said that
"truth is stranger than fiction" was "right as rain". For most people all of this
will be "unbelievable". Unfortunately, beliefs are not a reliable criteria for
reality.
Also, I am sure that if you were to show these notes to anyone that would
prefer physical, economic or spiritual slavery over freedom, the subject
matter contained in them would seem quite objectionable. If you
attempted to published the documents as a matter of factual reporting in a
newspaper or on the evening TV news they would be rejected out of hand as
the work of a kook.
The very nature of these documents make them unbelievable, and therefore
discreditable. Conversely, the release of this information is
potentially catastrophic for certain political, religious and economic vested
interests.
These documents contain information which is quite relevant to your interest
and investigations into alien encounters and paranormal experience. To use
your analogy in "The Oz Factors" book, I can honestly say that the few
factual reports that have been made by others about "alien" influences are
only a gentle breeze in the eye of an Apocalyptic Hurricane swirling
around Earth. There really are wizards and wicked witches and flying
monkeys in this universe!
This information, which has been suspected and/or speculated upon by so
many for so long, has been constantly denied by mainstream media,
academia, and the Military-Industrial Complex 11 (Footnote) that
President Eisenhower warned us about in his farewell address.
As you known in July, 1947, the Roswell Army Air Field (RAAF) 12
(Footnote) issued a press release stating that personnel from the field's 509th
Bomb Group had recovered a crashed "flying disc" from a ranch
near Roswell, New Mexico, sparking intense media interest. 13 (Footnote)
Later the same day, the Commanding General of the Eighth Air Force 14
(Footnote) stated that Major Jesse Marcel, who was involved with the


--- Page 22 ---
original recovery of the debris, had recovered only the tattered remnants of a
weather balloon. The true facts of the incident have been suppressed by the
United States government since then.
You may not know that I was enlisted in the U. S. Women's Army Air
Force(WAC) 15 (Footnote) Medical Corp which was a part of the US Army
back then. I was assigned to the 50 9th Bomb Group as a Flight Nurse 16
(Footnote) at the time of the incident.
When the news that there had been a crash was received at the base, I was
asked to accompany Mr. Cavitt, the Counter Intelligence Officer, 17
(Footnote) to the crash site as the driver of his vehicle, and to render any
needed emergency medical assistance to any survivors, if necessary. 18
(Footnote) Therefore, I briefly witnessed the wreckage of an alien space
craft, as well as the remains of the several alien personnel aboard the craft
who were already dead.
When we arrived I learned that one of the personnel on board the craft had
survived the crash, and was conscious, and apparently uninjured. The
conscious alien was similar in appearance, but not the same as, the others. 19
(Footnote)
None of the other personnel present could communicate with the survivor,
as the being did not communicate verbally or by any recognizable signs.
However, while I examined the "patient" for injuries I immediately detected
and understood that the alien being was attempting to communicate with me
by "mental images", or "telepathic thought", 20 (Footnote) which projected
directly from the mind of the being.
I immediately reported this phenomenon to Mr. Cavitt. As no other person
present could perceive these thoughts, and the alien seemed able and willing
to communicate with me, it was decided, after a brief consultation with a
senior officer, that I would accompany the surviving alien back to the base.
This was partly due to the fact that I was a nurse, and could attend to the
physical needs of the alien, as well as serve as a non-threatening
communicator and companion. After all, I was the only woman at the
site and the only one who was not armed. I was thereafter assigned
permanently to serve as a "companion" of the alien at all times. 21 (Footnote)
My duty was to communicate with and interview the alien and to make a
complete report of all that I discovered to command authorities.
Subsequently, I was supplied with specific lists of questions provided to me
by military and non-military personnel, which I was to "interpret" for the
alien, and record the responses to the questions provided.


--- Page 23 ---
I also accompanied the alien at all times during medical testing and the
many other examinations to which the alien was subjected by staff from
numerous government agencies.
I was given a promotion in rank to Senior Master Sergeant to improve my
security rating, and to increase my pay grade from $54. 00 a month to $138.
00 a month, for this very unusual assignment. I performed these duties from
July 7th through August, 1947, at which time the alien "died" or departed
the "body", as you will read about in my notes.
Although I was never left entirely alone with the alien, as there were always
military personnel, intelligence agency people and a variety of other
officials present from time to time, I did have uninterrupted access to and
communication with the alien being for nearly six weeks.
Hereinafter is an overview and summary of my personal recollections of
"conversations" with the alien craft pilot, whom I came to know by the
identity of "Airl".
I feel that it is my duty at this time, in the best interest of the citizens of
Earth, to reveal what I have learned from my interaction with "Airl" during
those six weeks, on the anniversary of her "death" or departure sixty years
ago.
Although I served as a nurse in the Army Air Force, I am not a pilot or
technician. Further, I did not have any direct contact with the space craft or
other materials recovered from the crash site at that time, or thereafter. To
that degree it must be taken into consideration that my understanding of
the communications I had with " Airl" are based on my own subjective
ability to interpret the meaning of the thoughts and mental images I was able
to perceive.
Our communication did not consist of "spoken language", in the
conventional sense. Indeed, the "body" of the alien had no "mouth" through
which to speak. Our communication was by telepathy. At first, I could
not understand Airl very clearly. I could perceive images, emotions and
impressions, but it was difficult for me to express these verbally. Once Airl
learned the English language, she was able to focus her thoughts
more precisely using symbols and meanings of words I could understand.
Learning the English language was done as a favor to me. It was more for
my own benefit than hers.
By the end of our interview sessions, and increasingly since then, I have
become more comfortable with telepathic communication. I have become
more adept at understanding Airl's thoughts as though they are my
own. Somehow, her thoughts become my thoughts. Her emotions are my
emotions. However, this is limited by her willingness and intention to share


--- Page 24 ---
her own, personal universe with me. She is able to be selective about what
communication I am allowed to receive from her. Likewise, her experience,
training, education, relationships and purposes are uniquely her own.
This is the symbol of "The Domain" ®
The Domain is a race or civilization of which Airl, the alien I interviewed, is
an officer, pilot and engineer serving in The Domain Expeditionary Force.
The symbol represents the origin and unlimited boundary of the known
universe, united and integrated into a vast civilization under the control of
The Domain.
Airl is currently stationed at a base in the asteroid belt which she refers as a
"space station" in the solar system of Earth. First and foremost, Airl is
herself. Secondarily, she voluntarily serves as an Officer, Pilot and Engineer
in The Domain Expeditionary Force. In that capacity she has duties and
responsibilities, but she is at leave to come and go as she pleases also.
Please accept this material and make it known to as many people as
possible. I repeat that it is not my intention to endanger your life with the
possession of this material, nor do I really expect you to believe any of it
either. However, I do sense that you can appreciate the value that such
knowledge may have to those who are willing and able to face the reality
of it.
Mankind needs to know the answers to questions which are contained in
these documents. Who are we? Where did we come from? What is our
purpose on Earth? Is Mankind alone in the universe? If there is intelligent
life elsewhere why have they not contacted us?
It is vital that people understand the devastating consequences to our
spiritual and physical survival if we fail to take effective action to undo the
longstanding and pervasive effects of alien intervention on Earth.
Perhaps the information in these documents will serve as a stepping stone to
a better future for Mankind. I hope that you can be more clever, creative and
courageous in the distribution of this information than I have been.
May The Gods Bless You and Keep You.
Mrs. Matilda O’Donnell MacElroy Senior Master Sergeant
Women’s Army Air Force Medical Corp, Retired
100 Troytown Heights
Navan, Meath
Co. Meath, Ireland


--- Page 25 ---
1
am also not far from "The Hill of Tara", 10 (Footnote) that was once the
ancient seat of power in Ireland where 142 kings are said to have reigned in
prehistoric and


--- Page 26 ---
Chapter One My First Interview With The
Alien
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"By the time the alien had been returned to the base I had already spent
several hours with her. As I mentioned, Mr. Cavitt told me to stay with the
alien, since I was the only person among us who could understand her
communication. I could not understand my ability to "communicate" with
the being. I had never before that time experienced telepathic
communication with anyone.
The non-verbal communication I experienced was like the understanding
you might have when a child or a dog is trying to get you to understand
something, but much, much more direct and powerful! Even though there
were no "words" spoken, or signs made, the intention of the thoughts were
unmistakable to me. I realized later that, although I received the thought, I
did not necessarily interpret it's meaning exactly.
I think that the alien being was not willing to discuss technical matters, due
to the nature of her position as an officer and pilot with the duty to maintain
the security and confidentiality required by her own "unit" of organization.
Any soldier who is captured by the "enemy" in the line of duty has a
responsibility to withhold vital information, even in the face of interrogation
or torture, of course.
But, in spite of that, I have always felt that the alien being was not really
trying to hide anything from me. I just never got that feeling. Her
communication always seemed honest and sincere to me. But, I suppose you
can never know for sure. I definitely feel that I shared a unique "bond" with
the alien. It was a kind of "trust" or empathy that you have with a patient, or
a child. I think this is because the alien could understand that I was really
interested in "her" and had no harmful intention, nor would I allow any harm
to come to her, if I could prevent it. This was true too.
I refer to the alien as "her". Actually, the being was not sexual in any way,
either physiologically or psychologically. "She" did have a rather strong,
feminine presence and demeanor. However, in terms of physiology, the
being was "asexual" and had no internal or external reproductive organs.
Her body was more like the body of a "doll" or "robot". There were no


--- Page 27 ---
internal "organs", as the body was not constructed of biological cells. It did
have a kind of "circuit" system or electrical nervous system that ran
throughout the body, but I could not understand how it worked.
In stature and appearance the body was quite short and petite. About a 40
inches tall. The head was disproportionately large, relative to arms, legs and
torso, which where thin. There were three "fingers" on each of two" hands"
and "feet" which were somewhat prehensile. 22 (Footnote) The head had no
operational "nose" or "mouth" or "ears". I understood that a space officer
does not need these as space has no atmosphere to conduct sound.
Therefore, sound related sensory organs are not built into the body. Nor does
the body need to consume food, hence, the absence of a mouth.
The eyes were quite large. I was never able to determine the exact degree of
visual acuity of which the eyes were capable, but I observed that her sense
of sight must have been extremely acute. I think the lenses of the eyes,
which were very dark and opaque, may also have been able to detect waves
or particles beyond the visual spectrum of light. 23 (Footnote) I suspect that
this may have included the full range of the electromagnetic spectrum, 24
(Footnote) or more, but I do not know this for sure.
When the being looked at me her gaze seemed to penetrate right through me,
as though she had "x-ray vision". 25 (Footnote) I found this a little
embarrassing, at first, until I realized that she had no sexual intentions. In
fact, I don't think she ever even had the thought that I was male or female.
It become very obvious after a short time with the being that her body did
not require oxygen, food or water or any other external source of nutrition or
energy. As I learned later, this being supplied her own "energy", which
animated and operated the body. It seemed a little bit eerie at first, but I got
used to the idea. It's really a very, very simple body. There is not much to it,
compared to our own bodies.
Airl explained to me that it was not mechanical, like a robot, nor was it
biological. It is animated directly by her as a spiritual being. Technically,
from a medical standpoint, I would say that Airl's body could not even be
called "alive". Her "doll" body is not a biological life form, 26 (Footnote)
with cells, and so forth.
It had a smooth skin, or covering which was gray in color. The body was
highly tolerant to changes in temperature, atmospheric conditions, and
pressure. The limbs were quite frail, without musculature. In space there is
no gravity, 27 (Footnote) so very little muscle strength is needed. The body
was used almost entirely on space craft or in low, or no-gravity
environments. Since Earth has a heavy gravity, the body was not able to


--- Page 28 ---
walk around very well as the legs were not really suited to that purpose. The
feet and hands were quite flexible and agile however.
Over night, before my first interview with the alien, the area had been
transformed into a buzzing hive of activity. There were a dozen men
working on setting up lights and camera equipment. A motion picture
camera and microphone and a tape recorder was there also set up in the
"interview room". (I don't understand why a microphone was needed, since
there was no verbal communication possible with the alien. ) There was also
a stenographer 28 (Footnote) and several people busily typing on typewriters.
I was informed that an expert foreign language interpreter and a "code
breaking" team had been flown to the base during the night to assist with my
efforts to communicate with the alien. There were also several medical
personnel -specialists in various fields -- to examine the alien. And, a
professor of psychology was there to help formulate questions and
"interpret" the answers. As I was just a nurse, I was not considered to be a
"qualified" interpreter, even though I was the only one there who could
understand anything the alien was thinking!
There were many subsequent conversations between us. Each "interview"
resulted in an exponential increase in understanding between us, as I will
discuss later on in my notes. This is the first transcript with the answers to a
list of questions provided to me by the intelligence officer at the base which
I debriefed to the stenographer immediately following the interview. "


--- Page 29 ---
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 9. 7. 1947
"QUESTION - "Are you injured? "
ANSWER -
NO
QUESTION - "What medical assistance do you require? "
ANSWER -
NONE
QUESTION - "Do need food or water or other sustenance? "
ANSWER -
NO
QUESTION - "Do you have any special environmental needs, such as air
temperature, atmospheric chemical content, air pressure, or waste
elimination? "
ANSWER -
NO. I AM NOT A BIOLOGICAL BEING.
QUESTION - "Does your body or space craft carry any germs or
contamination that may be harmful to humans or other Earth life forms? "
ANSWER -
NO GERMS IN SPACE.
QUESTION - "Does your government know you are here? "
ANSWER -
NOT AT THIS TIME
QUESTION - "Are others of your kind going to come looking for you? "
ANSWER -
YES
QUESTION - "What is the weapons capability of your people? "
ANSWER -
VERY DESTRUCTIVE.


--- Page 30 ---
I did not understand the exact nature of the kind of arms or weapons that
they might have, but I did not feel that there was any malevolent intention in
her reply, just a statement of fact.
QUESTION - "Why did your space craft crash? "
ANSWER -
IT WAS STRUCK BY AN ELECTRICAL DISCHARGE FROM THE
ATMOSPHERE WHICH CAUSED US TO LOSE CONTROL.
QUESTION - "Why was your space craft in this area? "
ANSWER -
INVESTIGATION OF "BURNING CLOUDS" / RADIATION /
EXPLOSIONS 29 (Footnote)
QUESTION - "How does your space craft fly? "
ANSWER -
IT IS CONTROLLED THROUGH "MIND". RESPONDS TO "THOUGHT
COMMANDS".
"Mind" or "thought command" are the only English language words I can
think of to describe the thought. Their bodies, and I think, the space
craft, are connected directly to them through some kind of electrical
"nervous system" that they control with their own thoughts.
QUESTION - "How do your people communicate with each other? "
ANSWER -
THROUGH MIND/THOUGHT.
The words "mind" and "thought" combined together are the closest English
language words I can think of to describe the idea at this time. However, it
was very obvious to me that they communicate directly from the mind, just
as she is communicating with me.
QUESTION - "Do you have a written language or symbols for
communication? "
ANSWER -
YES
QUESTION - "What planet are you from? "
Since I am not an astronomer, I have no way of thinking in terms of stars,
galaxies, constellations and directions in space. The impression I
received was of a planet in the center of a huge cluster of galaxies that is to


--- Page 31 ---
her like "home", or "birthplace". The word "domain" is the closest word I
can think of to describe her concept, images and thoughts about where she is
from. It could as easily be called the "territory" or the "realm". However, I
am sure that it was not just a planet or a solar system or a cluster of stars, but
an enormous number of galaxies!
QUESTION - "Will your government send representatives to meet with our
leaders? "
ANSWER -
NO
QUESTION - "What are your intentions concerning Earth? "
ANSWER -
PRESERVE / PROTECT PROPERTY OF THE DOMAIN
QUESTION - "What have you learned about Earth governments and
military installations? "
ANSWER -
POOR / SMALL. DESTROY PLANET.
QUESTION - "Why haven't your people made your existence known to the
people of Earth? "
ANSWER -
WATCH / OBSERVE. NO CONTACT.
I got the impression that contact with people on Earth was not permitted, but
I could not think of a word or idea that communicated the impression I
got exactly. They are just observing us.
QUESTION - "Have your people visited Earth's previously? "
ANSWER -
PERIODIC / REPEATING OBSERVATIONS.
QUESTION - "How long have you known about Earth? " ANSWER -
LONG BEFORE HUMANS.
I am not sure if the word "prehistoric" would be more accurate, but it was
definitely a very long period of time before human beings evolved.
QUESTION - "What do you know about the history of civilization on
Earth? "
ANSWER -


--- Page 32 ---
SMALL INTEREST / ATTENTION. SMALL TIME.
The answer to this question seemed very vague to me. However, I perceived
that her interest in Earth history is not very strong or that she did not
pay much attention to it. Or, maybe,... I don't know.
I didn't really get an answer to the question.
QUESTION - "Can you describe your home world to us? "
ANSWER -
PLACE OF CIVILIZATION / CULTURE / HISTORY. LARGE PLANET.
WEALTH / RESOURCES ALWAYS. ORDER. POWER. KNOWLEDGE /
WISDOM. TWO STARS. THREE MOONS.
QUESTION - "What is the state of development of your civilization? "
ANSWER -
ANCIENT. TRILLIONS OF YEARS. ALWAYS. ABOVE ALL OTHERS.
PLAN. SCHEDULE. PROGRESS. WIN. HIGH GOALS / IDEAS.
I use the number "trillions" 30 (Footnote) because I am sure that the meaning
was a number larger than many billions. The idea of the length of time
she communicated is beyond me. It's really closer to the idea of "infinity" in
terms of Earth years.
QUESTION - "Do you believe in God? "
ANSWER -
WE THINK. IT IS. MAKE IT CONTINUE. ALWAYS.
I am sure that the alien being does not understand the concept of "god" or
"worship" as we do. I assume that the people in her civilization were
all atheists. My impression was that they think very highly of themselves
and are very prideful indeed!
QUESTION - "What type of society do you have? "
ANSWER -
ORDER. POWER. FUTURE ALWAYS. CONTROL. GROW.
These are the closest words I could use to describe the idea she had about
her own society or civilization. Her "emotion" when communicating
her response to this question became very intense, very bright and emphatic!
Her thought was filled with an emotion that gave me a feeling of jubilation
or joy. But, it made me very nervous also.
QUESTION - "Are there other intelligent life forms besides yourself in the
universe? "


--- Page 33 ---
ANSWER -
EVERYWHERE. WE ARE GREATEST / HIGHEST OF ALL.
Due to her small stature, I am sure that she did not mean "tallest" or
"biggest". Again, her prideful "nature" showed through in the feeling I
received from her. "
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE) "This was the conclusion of the
first interview. When the answers to the first list of
questions were typed and given to the people who
were waiting for them, they were very excited that I
was able to get the alien to say anything!
However, after they finished reading my answers they were disappointed
that I could not understand more clearly. Now they had a lot of new
questions because of the answers I received to the first list of questions.
An officer told me to await further instructions. I waited for several hours in
the adjoining office. I was not allowed to continue my "interview" with the
alien. However, I was always well treated and allowed to eat and sleep and
use the restroom facilities whenever I wanted.
Eventually, a new list of questions was written for me to ask the alien. I
gathered that quite a few other agents, government and military officials
had arrived at the base by this time. They told me that several other people
would be in the room with me during the next interview so they could
prompt me to ask for more details during the interview. However, when I
attempted to conduct the interview with these people in the room, I received
no thoughts, emotions or any other perceptible communication from the
alien. Nothing. The alien just sat in a chair without moving.
We all left the interview room. The intelligence agent became very agitated
about this. He accused me of lying or making up the answers to the
first questions. I insisted that my answers were honest, and as accurate as I
could make them!
Later that day, it was decided that several other people would attempt to ask
questions of the alien. However, in spite of several attempts by
different "experts", no one else was ever able to get any communication at
all from the alien.
Over the next several days a psychic research scientist from back East was


--- Page 34 ---
flown to the base to interview the alien. Her name was Gertrude something
or other. I don't recall the last name. 31 (Footnote) On another occasion an
Indian clairvoyant named Krishnamurti 32 (Footnote) came to the base to try
to communicate with the alien. Neither one was successful at getting the
alien to communicate anything. I was personally not able to communicate
telepathically with either of these people either, although I did think that Mr.
Krishnamurti was a very kind and intelligent gentleman.
Finally, it was decided that I should be left with the alien by myself to see if
I could get any answers. "


--- Page 35 ---


--- Page 36 ---
Chapter Two My Second Interview
"In the next interview I was told to ask the alien only one question. "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 10. 7. 1947
"QUESTION - "Why have you stopped communicating? " ANSWER -
NO STOP. OTHERS. HIDDEN / COVERED. SECRET FEAR.
The alien can not communicate with them because they were afraid of her,
or do not trust her. And, it is clear to me that the alien is very aware that
some people have secret intentions toward her and are hiding their real
thoughts. It is equally obvious to me that the alien does not have even a tiny
bit of fear of us, or anything else, for that matter! "


--- Page 37 ---
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"I pondered the words I chose to convey the meaning of the aliens thoughts
very carefully before reporting to the stenographer and the people who were
waiting anxiously in the other room.
Personally, I never suffered any fear or misapprehension about the alien
whatsoever. I was very, very curious and excited to learn anything
and everything I could about her and from her. However, like the alien, I did
not have much trust or confidence in the agents or "authorities" who were
controlling my interviews. I had no idea what their intentions toward her
might be. However, I am sure that the military officers were very, very
nervous about having an alien space craft and pilot on their hands!
At that moment, my greatest worry was how to more clearly understand the
thoughts and ideas of the alien. I think that I was doing pretty well as
a telepathic "receiver", but not as good as telepathic "sender".
I wanted desperately to figure out a better way to communicate with the
alien in a way that would enable the growing legion of government officials
to understand her more directly, without having to rely on my interpretation
of her thoughts. I did not feel very well qualified to act as an interpreter, yet
I was the only person with whom the alien would communicate, so it was up
to me to get the job done.
I was also becoming acutely aware that this was probably the biggest "news
event" in the history of Earth, and that I should be proud to have any part in
it. Of course by that time the entire incident had been officially denied in the
press and a cover-up of immense proportions by the military and the
"powers that be" 33 (Footnote) had already begun.
However, I was beginning to feel the pressure of the responsibility for being
the first person on Earth, as far as I knew, to communicate with an
extraterrestrial life form! I think I know how Columbus 34 (Footnote) must
have felt when he discovered a "new world" the size of a continent on one
small planet. But, I was about to discover an entirely new, unexplored
universe! 35 (Footnote)
While I waited for my next instructions from my superiors I went to my
quarters, under escort of several heavily armed MPs. Several other men
dressed in black suits and ties accompanied me also. They were still there
when I got up in the morning. After breakfast, which was brought to me in
my own quarters, they escorted me back to the office at the base that was


--- Page 38 ---
used for the interview. "


--- Page 39 ---
Chapter Three My Third Interview
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"The third interview, and all subsequent interviews that I had with the alien
were observed and recorded, as I mentioned above, by dozens of other
people. Although they were not physically present, a special room had been
constructed with a window of one-way glass through which the interview
could be observed from an adjoining room, without intruding on the alien.
The alien had been moved into the newly constructed room and was seated
in an ordinary overstuffed living room chair covered with a flowery fabric.
I'm sure that someone had been sent into town to buy a chair from the
nearest available furniture store. The aliens body was about the same size as
a very thin 5 year old child, so she was dwarfed by the chair.
Since her body was not biological it didn't need any food, air or heat, and
apparently, she didn't sleep either. There were no eyelids, or eyebrows
above her eyes, so the eyes didn't close. I don't think anyone could tell
whether she was sleeping or awake as long as she was sitting upright in the
chair. Unless she moved her body or gestured with her hand, it would be
hard to tell whether she was even alive or not, unless you could perceive her
thoughts.
Eventually, I learned that the alien was not identified by her body, but by her
"personality", so to speak. She was known by her fellow aliens as "Airl".
This is the closest word I can use to describe the name using the English
alphabet. I sensed that she preferred the feminine gender. I think we shared a
natural, female empathy and nurturing attitude toward life and each other. I
am sure she did not feel comfortable with the combative, aggressive,
domineering attitude of the male officers and agents, each of whom was
more concerned with their own personal self-importance and power than
with discovering the secrets of the universe!
When I entered the room, she was very pleased to see me. I felt a very
genuine sense of recognition, relief and a "warm" feeling from her. It was
like the eager excitement and unconditional, platonic affection one feels
from a dog or child, yet with a calm and reserved control. I must say that I
was surprised that I felt the same sort of affection for the alien being,
especially since we had spent so little time with each other. I was pleased
that I was able to continue my interviews with her in spite of all the attention


--- Page 40 ---
it was getting from the stream of government and military people arriving at
the base.
It was very obvious that the people who wrote the next series of questions
for me wanted to learn how to communicate with the alien themselves,
without having to go through me.
Here are the answers to the new list of questions: "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 11. 7. 1947
"QUESTION - Can you read or write any Earth languages?
ANSWER -
NO.
QUESTION - Do you understand numbers or mathematics? ANSWER -
YES. I AM OFFICER / PILOT / ENGINEER
QUESTION - Can you write or draw symbols or pictures that we may be
able to translate into our own language?
ANSWER -
UNCERTAIN
QUESTION - Are there any other signs or means of communication you can
use to help us understand your thoughts more clearly?
ANSWER -
NO. "
"I was very sure that this was not true. But, I understood clearly that Airl
was not willing to communicate in writing or drawing or sign language. My
feeling was that she was following orders, like any soldier who has been
captured, not to reveal any information that might be useful to an enemy,
even under torture. She was only able and willing to reveal non-confidential,
or personal information, or "name, rank and serial number". "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET


--- Page 41 ---
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 11. 7. 1947, 2nd
Session
"QUESTION - Can you show us on a map of the stars which is the star of
your home planet? 36 (Footnote)
ANSWER -
NO.
This is not because she does not know the directions from Earth to her home
planet. She was unwilling to reveal the location. It was also due to the fact
that the star system of her home planet does not exist on any star map on
Earth. It is too far away.
QUESTION - How long will it take your people to locate you here?
ANSWER -
UNKNOWN.
QUESTION - How long would it take your people to travel here to rescue
you?
ANSWER -
MINUTES OR HOURS.
QUESTION - How can we make them understand that we do not intend to
harm you?
ANSWER -
INTENTIONS ARE CLEAR. SEE IN YOUR MIND / IMAGES /
FEELINGS.
QUESTION - If you are not a biological entity, why do you refer to yourself
as feminine?
ANSWER -
I AM A CREATOR. MOTHER. SOURCE. "
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"These questions took me only a few minutes to complete. I realized then
that we may be in for some serious trouble if the alien was not willing to
cooperate, or reveal any information that the military or intelligence
agencies or scientists considered to be useful to them.


--- Page 42 ---
I was also sure that the alien was very certain of the actual intentions of the
people who wrote these questions, as she could "read their minds" just as
easily as she could read my thoughts and communicate with me
telepathically. Because of these intentions, she was unwilling and unable to
cooperate with any of them in any way, under any circumstances. I am
equally sure that since she was not a biological life form, that there was no
kind of torture or coercion that would change her mind! "


--- Page 43 ---
Chapter Four The Language Barrier
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"After I explained what I thought were the reasons for the "no answer"
answer to the intelligence agents, there was a great deal of upset and
turmoil. A very heated discussion took place between some of the
intelligence officers, military officials, psychologist and the language
interpreters. This lasted for several hours. It was finally decided that I should
be allowed continue to interview the alien, provided I could get a
satisfactory answer from her to the following question: "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 11. 7. 1947, 3rd
Session
"QUESTION - "What assurance or proof do you require from us that will
make you feel safe enough to answer our questions. "
ANSWER -
ONLY SHE SPEAKS. ONLY SHE HEARS. ONLY SHE QUESTIONS.
NO OTHERS. MUST LEARN / KNOW / UNDERSTAND. "
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"When I returned from the interview room to report the alien response to
this question I received a grim and skeptical reception from the
assembled intelligence agents and military personnel. They could not
understand what the alien meant by this.
I admitted that I couldn't really understand what she meant either, but I was
doing the best I could to articulate her telepathic intentions. I told the
officials that perhaps the communication problem had to do with my
inability to understand the telepathic language of the alien clearly enough to


--- Page 44 ---
be satisfactory.
I was so discouraged at that point I almost felt like giving up!
And now, there was even more arguments than before! I was sure I was
going to be removed from my position, in spite of the fact that the alien
refused to communicate with anyone else, or that no one else had been
found who could communicate with her.
Fortunately, a very clever fellow named John Newble, who was a Japanese
language specialist from the Navy, 37 (Footnote) had an explanation and
a solution to the problem. He explained that, first, the problem had very little
to do with the inability of the alien to communicate. It had more to do with
her unwillingness to communicate with anyone other than myself. Second,
in order for any clear, comprehensive communication to happen, both
parties needed to understand and communicate through a common language.
Words and symbols in language convey very precise concepts and
meanings.
He said that the Japanese people have a lot of homonyms 38 (Footnote) in
their language which cause a lot of confusion in day to day communication.
They solve this problem by using standard Chinese characters 39 (Footnote)
to write down the exact meanings of the word they are using. This clears up
the matter for them.
Without a defined nomenclature communication was not possible beyond
the rudimentary understanding between men and dogs, or between two
small children. The lack of a common vocabulary of clearly defined words
that all parties can use fluently, was the limiting factor in communication
between all people, groups, or nations.
Therefore, he suggested that there were only two choices. I had to learn to
speak the language of the alien, or the alien had to learn to speak
English. Factually only one choice was possible: that I persuade Airl to learn
English, and that I teach it to her with the guidance of the language
specialist. No one had any objection to trying this approach, as there were
no other suggestions.
The language specialists suggested that I take several children's books, and a
basic reading primer, and grammar text with me into the interview room.
The plan was that I would sit next to the alien and read aloud to her from the
books, while pointing to the text I was reading with my finger so that she
could follow along.
The theory was that the alien could eventually be taught to read, just as a
child is taught to read by word and sound association with the written word,


--- Page 45 ---
as well as instruction in fundamental grammar. They also assumed, I think,
that if the alien was intelligent enough to communicate with me
telepathically, and fly a space craft across the galaxy, that she could
probably learn to speak a language as quickly as a 5 year old, or faster!
I returned to the interview room and proposed this idea to Airl. She did not
object to learning the language, although she did not make any commitment
to answer questions either. No one else had a better idea, so we went ahead.
"


--- Page 46 ---
Chapter Five Reading Lessons
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"I began the reading lessons with the first pages of a school book that had
been used to teach pioneer children in the 1800s on the frontiers of America.
It is called "McGuffey's Eclectic Reader, Primer Through Sixth". 40
(Footnote)
Since I am a nurse, and not a teacher, the language expert who gave me the
books also gave me an extensive briefing -- a course that took an entire day -
- on how to use the books to teach the alien. He said the reason he chose
these particular books was because the original 1836 version of these books
were used for three-quarters of a century to teach about four-fifths of all
American school children how to read. No other books ever had so much
influence over American children for so long.
McGuffey's educational course begins in "The Primer" by presenting the
letters of the alphabet to be memorized, in sequence. Children were then
taught, step by step, to use the building blocks of the language to form and
pronounce words, using the phonics method 41 (Footnote) which involves
teaching children to connect sounds with letters. Each lesson begins with a
study of words used in the reading exercise and with markings to show the
correct pronunciation for each word.
I discovered that the stories in the "First and Second Readers" picture
children in their relationship with family members, teachers, friends, and
animals. The "Third, Fourth, Fifth and Sixth Readers" expanded on those
ideas. One of the stories I remember was "The Widow and the Merchant".
It's kind of a morality tale about a merchant who befriends a widow in need.
Later, when the widow proves herself to be honest, the merchant gives her a
nice gift. The books do not necessarily teach you to believe that charity is
expected only of wealthy people though. We all know that generosity is a
virtue that should be practiced by everyone.
All of the stories were very wholesome and they gave very good
explanations to illustrate virtues like honesty, charity, thrift, hard work,
courage, patriotism, reverence for God, and respect for parents. Personally, I
would recommend this book to anyone!
I also discovered that the vocabulary used in the book was very advanced


--- Page 47 ---
compared to the relatively limited number of words people use commonly in
our modern age. I think we have lost a lot of our own language since our
Founding Fathers wrote the Declaration of Independence over 200 years
ago!
As instructed, I sat next to Airl in the interview room reading aloud to her
from each successive book in the series of McGuffey's Readers. Each of the
books had excellent, simple illustrations of the stories and subjects being
taught, although they are very outdated by today's standards. Nonetheless,
Airl seemed to understand and absorb every letter, sound, syllable and
meaning as we progressed. We continued this process for 14 hours a day for
3 consecutive days without interruption, except for a few meals and rest
breaks on my part.
Airl did not take breaks for anything. She did not sleep. Instead she
remained sitting in the overstuffed chair in the interview room, reviewing
the lessons we had already covered. When I returned each morning to begin
where we'd left off, she had already memorized the previous lessons and
was well into the next pages. This pattern continued to accelerate until it
became pointless for me to continue reading to her.
Although Airl did not have a mouth to speak with, she was now able to
"think" at me in English. At the end of these lessons, Airl was able to read
and study by herself. I showed her how to use a dictionary to look up new
words she encountered. Airl consulted the dictionary continually after that.
From then on my job was acting as a courier for her, requesting that
reference books be brought to her in a steady stream.
Next, Mr. Newble brought in a set of the Encyclopedia Britannica. 42
(Footnote)
Airl especially enjoyed this because it had a lot of pictures. After that, she
requested many more picture books and reference books with photographs
and drawings because it was much easier to understand the meaning if she
could see a picture of the thing she was studying.
Over the next six days books were brought in from libraries all over the
country, I presume, because it wasn't more than a few more days before she
had read through several hundred of them! She studied every subject I could
imagine, and many other very technical things I never wanted to know
anything about, like astronomy, metallurgy, engineering, mathematics,
various technical manuals, and so forth.
Later she began to read fiction books, novels, poetry and the classics of
literature.
Airl also asked to read a great many books on subjects in the humanities,


--- Page 48 ---
especially history. I think she must had read at least 50 books about human
history and archaeology. Of course, I made sure that she received a copy of
the Holy Bible also, which she read from cover to cover without comment or
questions.
Although I continued to stay with Airl for 12 to 14 hours each day, most of
that time during the following week had been spent without much
communication between us, except for an occasional question she asked me.
The questions were usually meant to give her a sense of context or to clarify
something in the books she was reading. Oddly, Airl told me that her
favorite books are "Alice's Adventures in Wonderland" 43 (Footnote), "Don
Quixote de la Mancha" 44 (Footnote) and "One Thousand and One Nights"
45 (Footnote). She said the authors of these stories showed that it is
more important to have great spirit and imagination than great skill or
power.
I could not answer a lot of her questions, so I consulted with the people in
the outer room for answers. Most of these had to do with technical and
scientific things. A few of her questions were about the humanities. The
depth of complex understanding and subtlety of her questions showed that
she had a very penetrating intellect.
Personally, I think she had already known a lot more about the culture and
history of Earth than she was willing to admit when we started. I would soon
discover how much more. "


--- Page 49 ---
Chapter Six My Education Begins
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"By the 15th day after "rescuing" Airl from the crash site, I was able to
communicate fluidly and effortlessly with her in English. She had absorbed
so much written material by this time that her academic education far
exceeded my own. Although I graduated from high school in Los Angeles in
1940 and attended college for four years of premedical and nursing training,
the variety of my own reading had been fairly limited.
I had not studied most of the subjects to which Airl had now been exposed,
especially considering her acute understanding, very intense study habits
and a nearly photographic memory! She was able to recall long passages
from books she read. She was especially fond of sections of her favorite
stories from classic literature like The Adventures of Huckleberry Finn 46
(Footnote), tales from Gulliver's Travels 47 (Footnote) and Peter Pan 48
(Footnote) and The Legend of Sleepy Hollow 49 (Footnote).
By this time Airl had become the teacher, and I was the student. I was about
to learn what men of Earth do not know and have no way of knowing!
The throng of scientists and agents who observed us through the one-way
glass of our interview room, whom Airl and I now referred to as "the
gallery", were growing increasingly impatient to ask her questions. But Airl
continued to refuse to allow any questions to be asked of her by anyone
other than myself, even vicariously through me as an interpreter, or in
writing.
On the afternoon of the 16th day Airl and I sat next to each other as she
read. She closed the last page of a book she was reading and placed it aside.
I was about to hand her the next book from a large pile waiting to be read,
when she turned and said or "thought" to me, "I am ready to speak now". At
first I was a little confused by the remark. I gestured for her to continue and
she began to teach me my first lesson. "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET


--- Page 50 ---
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 24. 7. 1947, 1st
Session
"What would you like to say, Airl? ", I asked.
"I have been a part of the Domain Expeditionary Force in this sector of
space for several thousand years.
However, I have not personally had intimate contact with beings on Earth
since 5, 965 BCE. It is not my primary function to interact with inhabitants
of planets within The Domain. I am an Officer, Pilot and Engineer,
with many duties to perform. Nonetheless, although I am fluent in 347 other
languages within The Domain, I have not been exposed to your English
language.
The last Earth language with which I was conversant was the Sanskrit
language of the Vedic Hymns. 50 (Footnote) At that time I was a member of
a mission sent to investigate the loss of a Domain base located in
the Himalaya Mountains. An entire battalion of officers, pilots,
communications and administrative personnel disappeared and the base
destroyed.
Several million years ago I was trained and served as an Investigation, Data
Evaluation and Program Development Officer for The Domain. Because I
was experienced in that technology, I was sent to Earth as part of the search
team. One of my duties involved interrogation of the human population that
inhabited the adjoining area at that time. 51 (Footnote) Many of the people in
that region reported sighting "vimanas" or space craft in the area.
5 (Footnote)
Following the logical extension of evidence, testimony, observation, as well
as the absence of certain evidence,
I led my team to the discovery that there were still "Old Empire" ships and
well-hidden "Old Empire" installations in this solar system of which we had
been completely unaware.
You and I were unable to communicate in your language because I,
personally, have not been exposed to your language. However, now that I
have scanned the books and material you provided me this data has been
relayed to our space station in this region and processed by
our communications officer through our computers. It has been translated
into my own language and relayed back to me in a context that I can think
with. I have also received additional information from the files stored in our
computers about the English language and Domain records concerning Earth
civilization. " 53 (Footnote)


--- Page 51 ---
"Now I am prepared to give you certain information that I feel will be of
great value to you. I will tell you the truth. Although truth is relative to all
other truth, I wish to share with you as honestly and accurately as possible,
truth as I see it, within the boundaries of my integrity to myself, to my race
and without violating my obligations to the organization I serve and have
sworn to uphold and protect".
"OK", I thought. "Will you answer questions from the gallery now? "
"No. I will not answer questions. I will provide information to you that I
think will be beneficial to the well-being of the immortal spiritual beings
who comprise humanity, and that will foster the survival of all the myriad
life forms and the environment of Earth, as it is a part of my mission to
ensure the preservation of Earth.
"Personally, it is my conviction that all sentient beings are immortal spiritual
beings. This includes human beings. For the sake of accuracy and simplicity
I will use a made-up word:     "IS-BE". Because the primary nature of an
immortal being is that they live in a timeless state of "is", and the only
reason for their existence is that they decide to "be".
No matter how lowly their station in a society, every IS-BE deserves the
respect and treatment that I myself would like to receive from others. Each
person on Earth continues to be an IS-BE whether they are aware of the fact
or not. "
(I will never forget this conversation. Her tone was very matter-of-fact and
emotionless. However, for the first time, I sensed the presence of a warm
and real "personality" in Airl. Her reference to "immortal spiritual beings"
struck me like a flash of light in a dark room. I had never before considered
that a human being could be an immortal being.
I thought that status or power was reserved solely for The Father, The Son,
and The Holy Ghost. And, because I am a devout Catholic and subject to the
word of The Lord Jesus, and The Holy Father, I have never thought of a
woman as an immortal spiritual being either -- not even the Holy Mother
Mary. Y et, when Airl thought that thought, I became vividly aware for the
very first time that she, personally, was an immortal spiritual being, and so
are we all!
Airl said that she sensed that I was confused about the idea. She said she
would demonstrate to me that I am also an immortal spiritual being. She
said, "Be above your body! " Immediately, I realized that I was "outside" of
my body, looking down from the ceiling at the top of my body's head! 54
(Footnote) I was also able to see the room around me, including Airl's body
sitting in the chair next to my own body.


--- Page 52 ---
After a moment, I realized the simple, but shocking, reality, that "I" am not a
body.
In that moment a black veil lifted and for the first time in my life, and for a
very long time into the past, I realized that I am not "my soul", but that "I"
am "me" -- a spiritual being. This was an unexplainable epiphany, but one
that fills me with a joy and relief I cannot recall having experienced ever
before. As for the "immortal" part, I do not understand her meaning, as I
have always been taught that I am not immortal -- a spirit, perhaps -- but
certainly not immortal!
After a moment -- I'm not sure how long -- Airl asked me if I had a better
understanding of the idea. Suddenly, I was back inside my body again, and
said out loud, "Yes! I see what you mean! ".
I was so taken aback by the experience that I had to get up from my chair
and walk around the room for a few minutes. I made an excuse that I needed
to get a drink of water, and go to the restroom, which I did. In the restroom I
looked at my "self’ in the mirror. I used the toilet, refreshed my make-up,
and straightened my uniform. After 10 or 15 minutes I felt more "normal"
again and returned to the interview room.
After that I felt as though I was no longer just an interpreter for Airl. I felt as
though I was a "kindred spirit". I felt like I was safe, at home, with a trusted
friend or family member, as close as any I have ever had. Airl sensed and
understood my confusion about the concept of "personal immortality". She
began her first "lesson" with me by explaining this to me. "
"Airl told me her reasons for coming to Earth and for being in the area of the
509th Bomber Squadron. She was sent by her superior officers to investigate
the explosions of nuclear weapons which have been tested in New Mexico.
Her superiors ordered her to gather information from the atmosphere that
could be used to determine the extent of radiation and potential harm this
might cause to the environment. During her mission, the space craft was
struck by a lighting 55 (Footnote), which caused her to lose control and
crash.
The space craft is operated by IS-BEs who use "doll bodies" in much the
same way that an actor wears a mask and costume. It is a like a mechanical
tool through which to operate in the physical world. She, as well as all of the
other IS-BEs of the officer class and their superiors, inhabit these "doll
bodies" when they are on duty in space. When they are not on duty, they
"leave" the body and operate, think, communicate, travel, and exist without
the use of a body.
The bodies are constructed of synthetic materials, including a very sensitive


--- Page 53 ---
electrical nervous system, to which each IS-BE adjusts themselves or "tune
in" to an electronic wavelength 56 (Footnote) that is matched uniquely to the
wavelength or frequency emitted by each IS-BE. Each IS-BE is capable of
creating a unique wave frequency which identifies them, much like a
radio signal frequency. This serves, in part, as identification like a finger
print. The doll body acts like a radio receiver for the IS-BE. No two
frequencies or doll bodies are exactly the same.
The bodies of each IS-BE crew member are likewise tuned into and
connected to the "nervous system" built into the space craft. The space craft
is built in much the same way as the doll body. It is adjusted specifically to
the frequency of each IS-BE crew member. Therefore, the craft can be
operated by the "thoughts" or energy emitted by the IS-BE. It is really a very
simple, direct control system. So, there are no complicated controls or
navigation equipment on board the space craft. They operate as an extension
of the IS-BE.
When the lightning bolt struck the space craft this caused a short circuit and
consequently "disconnected" them from the control of the ship momentarily
which resulted in the crash.
Airl was, and still is, an officer, pilot and engineer in an expeditionary force
which is part of a space opera 57 (Footnote) civilization which refers to itself
as "The Domain". This civilization controls a vast number of galaxies, stars,
planets, moons and asteroids throughout an area of space that is
approximately one-fourth of the entire physical universe! The continuing
mission of her organization is to "Secure, control and expand the territory
and resources of The Domain".
Airl pointed out that their own activities were very similar in many ways to
the European explorers who "discovered" and "claimed" the New World for
The Holy Father, The Pope and for the kings of Spain, Portugal and later,
Holland, England, France and so forth. Europe benefited from the property
"acquired" from the native inhabitants. However, the native inhabitants were
never consulted with or asked for their permission to become a part of the
"domain" of European nations and the soldiers and priests they sent to
acquire territory and wealth in order to advance their interests.
Airl said she read in a history book that the Spanish king regretted the brutal
treatment of the native inhabitants by his soldiers. He feared retribution
from the gods he worshipped, as described in the various testaments of the
Bible. He asked the Pope to prepare a statement called "The Requirement"
58 (Footnote) which was supposed to be read to each of the newly
encountered native inhabitants.
The king hoped that the statement, whether it was accepted or rejected by


--- Page 54 ---
the natives, would absolve the King of all responsibility for the resulting
slaughter and enslavement of these people. He used this statement as
justification to confiscate their lands and possessions by his soldiers and the
Pope's priests. Apparently, the Pope, personally, did not have any feelings of
guilt or responsibility in the matter.
Airl thought that such actions were those of a coward and that it is no
surprise that the territory of Spain was diminished so quickly. Only a few
years later the king was dead and his empire had been assimilated by other
nations.
Airl said that this sort of behavior does not occur in The Domain. Their
leaders assume full responsibility for the actions of The Domain, and would
not denigrate themselves in this fashion. Nor do they fear any gods or have
any regret for their actions. This idea reinforces my earlier suggestion that
Airl and her people are probably atheists.
In the case of the acquisition of Earth by The Domain, the rulers of The
Domain have chosen not to openly reveal this intention to the "native
inhabitants" of Earth until a later time when it may, or may not, suit their
interests to reveal themselves. For the present time, it is not strategically
necessary to make the presence of The Domain Expeditionary Force known
to Mankind. In fact, until now, it has been very aggressively hidden, for
reasons that will be revealed later.
The asteroid belt near Earth is a very small, but important location for The
Domain in this part of space. Actually, some of the objects in our solar
system are very valuable for use as low-gravity "space stations". They are
interested primarily in the low gravity satellites in this solar system which
consists mainly of the side of the moon facing away from Earth 59
(Footnote) and the asteroid belt, which was a planet that was
destroyed billions of years ago, and to a lesser degree, Mars and Venus.
Doom structures synthesized from gypsum 60 (Footnote) or underground
bases covered by electromagnetic force screens 61 (Footnote) are easily
constructed to house the Domain forces.
Once an area of space is acquired by The Domain and becomes a part of the
territory under its control, it is treated as the "property" of The Domain. The
space station near the planet Earth is important only because it lay along a
path of The Domain expansion route toward the center of the Milky Way
galaxy and beyond. Of course, everyone in The Domain is aware of this -
except for the people of Earth. "
©


--- Page 55 ---
Chapter Seven A Lesson In Ancient
History
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"My instruction with Airl continued through the night until dawn of the next
morning. I must say, that I was fascinated, skeptical, shocked, alarmed,
dismayed and disgruntled by the "lesson" I was getting from Airl. I could
never have imagined any of what she was telling me -- not even in my
wildest dreams and nightmares!
The next afternoon, after I had slept, showered and eaten, I was debriefed
about my interview session the previous evening by members of the gallery
who recorded my account of what Airl told me. There was a stenographer
present for this session, as usual, to whom I debriefed after each interview,
and there were also 6 or 7 men who asked for clarification of my statements.
As always, there was constant pressure applied to me to use my influence
with Airl to persuade her to answer specific questions prompted by members
of the gallery. I did my best to reassure everyone that I would give my very
best efforts to do so.
Nevertheless, only three things happened every day thereafter:
1)    Airl resolutely refused to answer any questions that she sensed had been
posed by or suggested to me by the gallery.
2)    Airl continued to "instruct" me in subject matter of her own choice.
3)    Every evening after my interview with, or instruction from Airl, she
would give me a new list of subject matter about which she wanted more
information. Each evening I presented this list to the gallery. The next day
Airl received a large stack of books, magazines, articles, and so forth. She
would study all of these during the night while I slept. This pattern repeated
every day during the remainder of the time I spent with her.
The subject matter of my next interview, or lesson, from Airl continued with
a brief history of Earth, our solar system and nearby space, from the
perspective of The Domain. "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)


--- Page 56 ---
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 25. 7. 1947, 1st
Session
"Before you can understand the subject of history, you must first understand
the subject of time. Time is simply an arbitrary measurement of the motion
of objects through space.
Space is not linear. Space is determined by the point of view of an IS-BE
when viewing a object. The distance between an IS-BE and the object being
viewed is called "space".
Objects, or energy masses, in space do not necessarily move in a linear
fashion. In this universe, objects tend to move randomly or in a curving or
cyclical pattern, or as determined by agreed upon rules.
History is not only a linear record of events, as many authors of Earth
history books imply, because it is not a string that can be stretched out and
marked like a measuring tool. History is a subjective observation of the
movement of objects through space, recorded from the point of view of a
survivor, rather than of those who succumbed. Events occur interactively
and concurrently, just as the biological body has a heart that pumps blood,
while the lungs provide oxygen to the cells, which reproduce, using energy
from the sun and chemicals from plants, at the same time as the liver strains
toxic wastes from the blood, and eliminates them through the bladder and
the bowels.
All of these interactions are concurrent and simultaneous. Although time
runs consecutively, events do not happen in an independent, linear stream.
In order to view and understand the history or reality of the past, one must
view all events as part of an interactive whole. Time can also be sensed as
a vibration which is uniform throughout the entire physical universe.
Airl explained that IS-BEs have been around since before the beginning of
the universe. The reason they are called "immortal", is because a "spirit" is
not born and cannot die, but exists in a personally postulated perception of
"is - will be". She was careful to explain that every spirit is not the same.
Each is completely unique in identity, power, awareness and ability.
The difference between an IS-BE like Airl and most of the IS-BEs
inhabiting bodies on Earth, is that Airl can enter and depart from her "doll"
at will. She can perceive at selective depths through matter. Airl and other
officers of The Domain can communicate telepathically. Since an IS-BE is
not a physical universe entity it has no location in space or time.
An IS-BE is literally, "immaterial". They can span great distances of space


--- Page 57 ---
instantly.
They can experience sensations, more intensely than a biological body,
without the use of physical sensory mechanisms. An IS-BE can exclude pain
from their perception. Airl can also remember her "identity", so to speak, all
the way back into the dim mists of time, for trillions of years!
She says that the existing collection of suns in this immediate vicinity of the
universe have been burning for the last 200 trillion years. The age of the
physical universe is nearly infinitely old, but probably at least four
quadrillion 62 (Footnote) years since its earliest beginnings.
Time is a difficult factor to measure as it depends on the subjective memory
of IS-BEs and there has been no uniform record of events throughout the
physical universe since it began. As on Earth, there are many different time
measurement systems, defined by various cultures, which use cycles of
motion, and points of origin to establish age and duration. 63 (Footnote)
The physical universe itself is formed from the convergence and
amalgamation of many other individual universes 64 (Footnote), each one of
which were created by an IS-BE or group of IS-BEs. The collision of
these illusory universes commingled and coalesced and were solidified to
form a mutually created universe. Because it is agreed that energy and forms
can be created, but not destroyed, 65 (Footnote) this creative process has
continued to form an ever-expanding universe of nearly infinite physical
proportions.
Before the formation of the physical universe there was a vast period during
which universes were not solid, but wholly illusionary. You might say that
the universe was a universe of magical illusions which were made to appear
and vanish at the will of the magician. In every case, the "magician" was one
or more IS-BEs. Many IS-BEs on Earth can still recall vague images from
that period. Tales of magic, sorcery and enchantment, fairy tales and
mythology speak of such things, 66 (Footnote) although in very crude terms.
Each IS-BE entered into the physical universe when they lost their own,
"home" universe. That is, when an IS-BE’s "home" universe was
overwhelmed by the physical universe, or when the IS-BE joined with other
IS-BEs to create or conquer the physical universe.
On Earth, the ability to determine when an IS-BE entered the physical
universe is difficult for two reasons:
1)    the memory of IS-BEs on Earth have been erased, and
2)    IS-BEs arrival or invasion into the physical universe took place at
different times, some 60 trillion years ago, and others only 3 trillion. Every


--- Page 58 ---
once in a short while, a few million years, an area or planet will be taken
over by another group of IS-BEs entering into the area.
Sometimes they will capture other IS-BEs as slaves. 67 (Footnote) They will
be forced to inhabit bodies to perform menial, or manual work -- especially
mining mineral ores on heavy-gravity planets, such as Earth.
Airl says that she has been a member of The Domain Expeditionary Force
for more than 625 million years, when she became a pilot for a biological
survey mission which included occasional visits to Earth. She can remember
her entire career there, and for a very long time before that.
She told me that Earth scientists do not have an accurate measuring system
to gauge the age of matter. They assume that because certain types of
materials seem to deteriorate rather quickly, such an organic or carbon-based
matter, that there is a deterioration of matter. It is not accurate to measure
the age of stone, based on the measurement of the age of wood or bone.
This is a fundamental error. Factually, matter does not deteriorate. It cannot
be destroyed. Matter may be altered in form, but it is never truly destroyed.
The Domain has conducted a periodic survey of the galaxies in this sector of
the universe since it developed space travel technologies about 80
trillion years ago. A review of changes in the complexion of Earth reveal
that mountain ranges rise and fall, continents change location, the poles of
the planet shift, ice caps come and go, oceans appear and disappear, rivers,
valleys and canyons change. In all cases, the matter is the same. It is always
the same sand. Every form and substance is made of the same basic
material, which never deteriorates.
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
("I cannot even begin to imagine how advanced a civilization may have
become, technically, and mentally, after trillions of years! Just think of how
advanced our own country has become, compared to only 150 years. Only a
few generations ago transportation was on foot, horseback or boat, reading
was done by candle light, heating and cooking were done over a fireplace,
and there wasn't any indoor plumbing! ")
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
"Airl described the abilities of an IS-BE officer of The Domain to me, and
she demonstrated one to me when she contacted -- telepathically -- a


--- Page 59 ---
communications officer of The Domain who is stationed in the asteroid belt.
68 (Footnote)
The asteroid belt is composed of thousands of broken up pieces of a planet
that once existed between Mars and Jupiter. It serves as a good low-gravity
jumping off point for incoming space craft traveling toward the center of our
galaxy.
She requested that this officer consult information stored in the "files" of
The Domain, concerning the history of Earth. She asked the
communications officer to "feed" this information to Airl. The
communications officer immediately complied with the request. Based
on the information stored in the files of The Domain, Airl was able to give
me a brief overview or "history lesson". This is what Airl told me that The
Domain had observed about the history of Earth:
She told me that The Domain Expeditionary Force first entered into the
Milky Way galaxy very recently -- only about 10,000 years ago. Their first
action was to conquer the home planets of the "Old Empire" (this is not the
official name, but a nick-name given to the conquered civilization by The
Domain Forces) that served as the seat of central government for this
galaxy, and other adjoining regions of space. These planets are located in the
stars systems in the tail of the Big Dipper constellation. 69 (Footnote) She
did not mention which stars, exactly.
About 1, 500 years later The Domain began the installation bases for their
own forces along the path of invasion which leads toward the center of this
galaxy and beyond. About 8, 200 years ago The Domain forces set up a base
on Earth in the Himalaya Mountains near the border of modern Pakistan and
Afghanistan. This was a base for a battalion of The Domain Expeditionary
Force, which included about 3,000 members.
They set up a base under or inside the top of a mountain. The mountain top
was drilled into and made hollow to create an area large enough to house the
ships and personnel of that force. An electronic illusion of the mountain top
was then created to hide the base by projecting a false image from inside the
mountain against a "force screen". The ships could then enter and exit
through the force screen, yet remain unseen by homo sapiens.
Shortly after they settled there the base was surprised by an attack from a
remnant of the military forces of the "Old Empire". Unbeknownst to The
Domain, a hidden, underground base on Mars, operated by the "Old
Empire", had existed for a very long time. The Domain base was wiped out


--- Page 60 ---
by a military attack from the Mars base and the IS-BEs of The Domain
Expeditionary Force were captured.
You can imagine that The Domain was very upset about losing such a large
force of officers and crew, so they sent other crews to Earth to look for
them. Those crews were also attacked. The captured IS-BEs from The
Domain Forces were handled in the same fashion as all other IS-BEs who
have been sent to Earth. They were each given amnesia, had their memories
replaced with false pictures and hypnotic commands and sent to Earth to
inhabit biological bodies. They are still a part of the human population
today.
After a very persistent and extensive investigation into the loss of their
crews, The Domain discovered that "Old Empire" has been operating a very
extensive, and very carefully hidden, base of operations in this part of
the galaxy for millions of years. No one knows exactly how long.
Eventually, the space craft of the "Old Empire" forces and The Domain
engaged each other in open combat in the space of the solar system.
According to Airl, there was a running battle between the "Old Empire"
forces and The Domain until about 1235 AD, when The Domain forces
finally destroyed the last of the space craft of the "Old Empire" force in this
area. The Domain Expeditionary Force lost many of its own ships in this
area during that time also.
About 1,000 years later the "Old Empire" base was discovered by accident
in the spring of 1914 AD. The discovery was made when the body of the
Archduke of Austria, 70 (Footnote) was "taken over" by an officer of
The Domain Expeditionary Force. This officer, who was stationed in the
asteroid belt, was sent to Earth on a routine mission to gather
reconnaissance.
The purpose of this "take over" was to use the body as a "disguise" through
which to infiltrate human society in order to gather information about
current events on Earth. The officer, as an IS-BE, having greater power than
the being inhabiting the body of the Archduke, simply "pushed" the being
out and took over control of the body.
However, this officer did not realize how much the Hapsburgs were hated
by feuding factions in the country, so he was caught off guard when the
body of the Archduke was assassinated by a Bosnian student. The officer,
or IS-BE, was suddenly "knocked out" of the body when it was shot by the
assassin. Disoriented, the IS-BE inadvertently penetrated one of the
"amnesia force screens" and was captured.
Eventually The Domain discovered that a wide area of space is monitored


--- Page 61 ---
by an "electronic force field"
71 (Footnote) which controls all of the IS-BEs in this end of the galaxy,
including Earth. The electronic force screen is designed to detect IS-BEs and
prevent them from leaving the area.
If any IS-BE attempts to penetrate the force screen, it "captures" them in a
kind of "electronic net". The result is that the captured IS-BE is subjected to
a very severe "brainwashing" treatment which erases the memory of the IS-
BE. This process uses a tremendous electrical shock, just like Earth
psychiatrists use "electric shock therapy" to erase the memory and
personality of a "patient" and to make them more "cooperative". 72
(Footnote)
On Earth this "therapy" uses only a few hundred volts of electricity.
However, the electrical voltage 73 (Footnote) used by the "Old Empire"
operation against IS-BEs is on the order of magnitude of billions of volts!
This tremendous shock completely wipes out all the memory of the IS-BE.
The memory erasure is not just for one life or one body. It wipes out the all
of the accumulated experiences of a nearly infinite past, as well as
the identity of the IS-BE!
The shock is intended to make it impossible for the IS-BE to remember who
they are, where they came from, their knowledge or skills, their memory of
the past, and ability to function as a spiritual entity. They are overwhelmed
into becoming a mindless, robotic nonentity.
After the shock a series of post hypnotic suggestions 74 (Footnote) are used
to install false memories, and a false time orientation in each IS-BE. This
includes the command to "return" to the base after the body dies, so that the
same kind of shock and hypnosis can be done again, and again, again --
forever. The hypnotic command also tells the "patient" to forget to
remember.
What The Domain learned from the experience of this officer is that the
"Old Empire" has been using Earth as a "prison planet" for a very long time
-- exactly how long is unknown -- perhaps millions of years.
So, when the body of the IS-BE dies they depart from the body. They are
detected by the "force screen", they are captured and "ordered" by hypnotic
command to "return to the light". The idea of "heaven" and the
"afterlife" are part of the hypnotic suggestion -- a part of the treachery that
makes the whole mechanism work.
After the IS-BE has been shocked and hypnotized to erase the memory of
the life just lived, the IS-BE is immediately "commanded", hypnotically, to
"report" back to Earth, as though they were on a secret mission, to inhabit a


--- Page 62 ---
new body. Each IS-BE is told that they have a special purpose for being on
Earth. But, of course there is no purpose for being in a prison -- at least not
for the prisoner.
Any undesirable IS-BEs who are sentenced to Earth were classified as
"untouchable" 75 (Footnote) by the "Old Empire". This included anyone that
the "Old Empire" judged to be criminals who are too vicious to be reformed
or subdued, as well as other criminals such as sexual perverts, or beings
unwilling to do any productive work.
An "untouchable" classification of IS-BEs also includes a wide variety of
"political prisoners" 76 (Footnote). This includes IS-BEs who are considered
to be noncompliant "free thinkers" or "revolutionaries" who make
trouble for the governments of the various planets of the "Old Empire". Of
course, anyone with a previous military record against the "Old Empire" is
also shipped off to Earth.
A list of "untouchables" include artists, painters, singers, musicians, writers,
actors, and performers of every kind. For this reason Earth has more artists
per capita than any other planet in the "Old Empire".
"Untouchables" also include intellectuals, inventors and geniuses in almost
every field. Since everything the "Old Empire" considers valuable has long
since been invented or created over the last few trillion years, they have no
further use for such beings. This includes skilled managers also, which are
not needed in a society of obedient, robotic citizens.
Anyone who is not willing or able to submit to mindless economic, political
and religious servitude as a taxpaying worker in the class system of the "Old
Empire" are "untouchable" and sentenced to receive memory wipeout and
permanent imprisonment on Earth.
The net result is that an IS-BE is unable to escape because they can't
remember who they are, where they came from, where they are. They have
been hypnotized to think they are someone, something, sometime,
and somewhere other than were they really are.
The Domain officer who was "assassinated" while in the body of Archduke
of Austria was, likewise, captured by the "Old Empire" force. Because this
particular officer was a high powered IS-BE, compared to most, he was
taken away to a secret "Old Empire" base under the surface of the planet
Mars. They put him into a special electronic prison cell and held him there.
Fortunately, this Domain officer was able to escape from the underground
base after 27 years in captivity. When he escaped from the "Old Empire"
base, he returned immediately to his own base in the asteroid belt.
His commanding officer ordered that a battle cruiser be dispatched 77


--- Page 63 ---
(Footnote) to the coordinates of the base, provided by this officer, and to
destroy that base completely. This "Old Empire" base was located a
few hundred miles north of the equator on Mars in the Cydonia region. 78
(Footnote)
Although the military base of the "Old Empire" was destroyed,
unfortunately, much of the vast machinery of the IS-BE force screens, the
electroshock / amnesia / hypnosis machinery continues to function in
other undiscovered locations right up to the present moment. The main base
or control center for this "mind control prison" 79 (Footnote) operation has
never been found. So, the influences of this base, or bases, are still in effect.
The Domain has observed that since the "Old Empire" space forces were
destroyed there is no one left to actively prevent other planetary systems
from bringing their own "untouchable" IS-BEs to Earth from all over this
galaxy, and from other galaxies nearby. Therefore, Earth has become a
universal dumping ground for this entire region of space.
This, in part, explains the very unusual mix of races, cultures, languages,
moral codes, religious and political influences among the IS-BE population
on Earth. The number and variety of heterogeneous societies on Earth are
extremely unusual on a normal planet. Most "Sun Type 12, Class 7" planets
are inhabited by only one humanoid body type or race, if any.
In addition, most of the ancient civilizations of Earth, and many of the
events of Earth have been heavily influenced by the hidden, hypnotic
operation of the "Old Empire" base. So far, no one has figured out
exactly where and how this operation is run, or by whom because it is so
heavily protected by screens and traps.
Furthermore, there has been no operation undertaken to seek out, discover
and destroy the vast and ancient network of electronics machinery that
create the IS-BE force screens at this end of the galaxy. Until this has been
done, we are not able to prevent or interrupt the electric shock operation,
hypnosis and remote thought control 80 (Footnote) of the "Old Empire"
prison planet.
Of course all of the crew members of The Domain Expeditionary Force now
remain aware of this phenomena at all times while operating in this solar
system space so as to prevent detection and the capture by "Old Empire"
traps. "


--- Page 64 ---
Chapter Eight A Lesson In Recent History
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"This interview taught me a history lesson I will never read in any text book
written on Earth! The Domain has a much different view of events than we
do. "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 26. 7. 1947, 1st
Session
"The Domain Expeditionary Force has observed a resurgence in science and
culture of the Western world since 1150 AD when the remaining remnants
of the space fleet of the "Old Empire" in this solar system were destroyed.
The influence of the remote control 81 (Footnote) hypnosis operation
diminished slightly after that time, but still remains largely in force.
Apparently a small amount of damage was done to the "Old Empire" remote
mind control 82 (Footnote) operation which resulted in a small decrease in
the power of this mechanism. As a result, some memory of technologies that
IS-BEs already knew before they came to Earth started to be remembered.
Thereafter the oppression of knowledge that is called the "Dark Ages" 83
(Footnote) in Europe began to diminish after that time.
Since then knowledge of the basic laws of physics 84 (Footnote) and
electricity 85 (Footnote) have revolutionized Earth culture virtually
overnight. The ability to remember technology by many of the geniuses in
the IS-BE population of Earth was partially restored, when not so actively
suppressed as it was before 1150 AD. Sir Isaac Newton, 86 (Footnote) is one
of the best examples of this. In only a few decades he single-handedly
reinvented several major and fundamental scientific and
mathematical disciplines.
The men who "remembered" these sciences already knew them before they
were sent to Earth. Ordinarily, no one would ever observe or discover as


--- Page 65 ---
much about science and mathematics in a single life-time, or even in a
few hundred life-times. These subjects have taken civilizations billions and
billions of years to create!
IS-BEs on Earth have only just begun to remember small fragments of all
the technologies that exist throughout the universe. Theoretically, if the
amnesia mechanisms being used against Earth could be broken entirely, IS-
BEs would regain all of their memory!
Unfortunately, similar advances have not been seen in the humanities as the
IS-BEs of Earth continue to behave very badly toward each other. This
behavior, however, is heavily influenced by the "hypnotic commands"
given to each IS-BE between lifetimes. 87 (Footnote)
And, the very unusual combination of "inmates" on Earth - criminals,
perverts, artists, revolutionaries and geniuses - is the cause of a very restive
and tumultuous environment. The purpose of the prison planet is to keep IS-
BEs on Earth, forever. Promoting ignorance, superstition, and war between
IS-BEs helps to keep the prison population crippled and trapped behind "the
wall" of electronic force screens.
IS-BEs have been dumped on Earth from all over the galaxy, adjoining
galaxies, and from planetary systems all over the "Old Empire", like Sirius,
Aldebaron, the Pleiades, Orion, Draconis, and countless others. There are
IS-BEs on Earth from unnamed races, civilizations, cultural backgrounds,
and planetary environments. Each of the various IS-BE populations have
their own languages, belief systems, moral values, religious beliefs, training
and unknown and untold histories.
These IS-BEs are mixed together with earlier inhabitants of Earth who came
from another star system more than 400,000 years ago to establish the
civilizations of Atlanta 88 (Footnote) and Lemuria 89 (Footnote). Those
civilizations vanished beneath the tidal waves caused by a planetary "polar
shift", 90 (Footnote) many thousands of years before the current "prison"
population started to arrive. Apparently, the IS-BEs from those star systems
were the source of the original, oriental races of Earth, beginning in
Australia.
On the other hand, the civilizations set up on Earth by the "Old Empire"
prison system were very different from the civilization of the "Old Empire"
itself, which is an electronic space opera, atomic powered conglomeration
of earlier civilizations that were conquered with nuclear weapons and
colonized by IS-BEs from another galaxy.
The bureaucracy that controlled the former "Old Empire" was from an
ancient space opera society, run by a totalitarian 91 (Footnote) confederation


--- Page 66 ---
of planetary governments, regulated by a brutal social, economic,
and political hierarchy, 92 (Footnote) with a royal monarch as its figurehead.
93 (Footnote)
This type of government emerges with regularity on planets where the
citizens abandon personal responsibility for autonomous, self-regulation.
They frequently lose their freedom to demented IS-BEs who suffer from an
overwhelming paranoia that every other IS-BE is their enemy who must be
controlled or destroyed. Their closest friends and allies, whom they espouse
to love and cherish, are literally "loved to death" by them.
Because such IS-BEs exist, The Domain has learned that freedom must be
won and maintained through eternal vigilance and the ability to use
defensive force to maintain it. As a result, The Domain has
already conquered the governing planet of the "Old Empire".
The civilization of The Domain, although considerably younger and smaller
in size, is already more powerful, better organized, and united by a
egalitarian esprit de corps 94 (Footnote) never known in the history of the
"Old Empire".
The recently despoiled German totalitarian state on Earth was similar to the
"Old Empire", but not nearly as brutal, and about ten thousand times less
powerful.
Many of the IS-BEs on Earth are here because they are violently opposed to
totalitarian government, 95 (Footnote) or because they were so psychotically
vicious that they could not be controlled by "Old Empire" government.
Consequently, the population of Earth is disproportionately comprised of a
very high percentage of such beings. The conflicting cultural and
ethical moral codes of the IS-BEs on Earth is unusual in the extreme.
The Domain conquest of the central "Old Empire" planets was fought with
electronic cannon. 96 (Footnote) The citizens of the planets forming the core
of government for the "Old Empire" are a filthy, degraded, slave society
of mindless, tax-paying workers, who practice cannibalism. Violent
automotive race tracks and bloody, Roman circus type entertainments are
their only amusements.
Regardless of any reasonable justification we may have had for using atomic
weapons to vanquish the planets of the "Old Empire", The Domain is careful
not to ruin the resources of those planets by using weapons of
crude, radioactive force.
The current U. S. civilization is beginning to mimic some of the trappings of
that civilization, especially in the design of airplanes, automobiles, ships,


--- Page 67 ---
trains, and telephones. Likewise, buildings in the cities of Earth are thought
to be "modern" or "futuristic" if their design resembles the architecture of
the "Old Empire".
The government of the "Old Empire", before being supplanted by The
Domain, was comprised of beings who possessed a very craven intelligence,
very much like the Axis powers 97 (Footnote) during your recent world war.
Those beings manifested precisely the same behavior as the galactic
government that exiled them to eternal imprisonment on Earth. They were a
gruesome reminder of the ageless maxim that an IS-BE will often manifest
the treatment they have received from others. Kindness fosters kindness.
Cruelty begets cruelty. One must be able and willing to use force, tempered
with intelligence, to prevent harm to the innocent. However, extraordinary
understanding, self-discipline and courage are required to effectively
prevent brutality, without being overwhelmed by the malice that motivated
the brutality.
Only a demonic, self-serving government would employ a "logic" or
"science" to conceive that an "ultimate solution" to any problem is to murder
and permanently erase the memory of every artist, genius, skilled manager,
and inventor, and cast them into a planetary prison together with political
opponents, killers, thieves, perverts, and disabled beings of an entire galaxy!
Once the IS-BEs expelled from the "Old Empire" arrived on Earth, they
were given amnesia, and hypnotically tricked into thinking that something
else had happened to them. The next step was to implant the IS-BEs
into biological bodies on Earth. The bodies became the human populations
of "false civilizations" which were designed and installed in the minds of IS-
BEs to look completely unlike the "Old Empire".
All of the IS-BEs of India, Egypt, Babylon, Greece,
Rome, and Medieval Europe were guided to pattern and build the cultural
elements of these societies based on standard patterns developed by the IS-
BEs of many earlier, similar civilizations on "Sun Type 12, Class 7" planets
that have existed for trillions of years throughout the universe.
In the earliest times the IS-BEs sent to prison Earth lived in India. They
gradually spread into Mesopotamia, Egypt, Mesoamerica, Achaea, Greece,
Rome, Medieval Europe, and to the New World. They were
hypnotically "commanded" to follow the pattern of a given civilization by
the "Old Empire" prison operators. This is an effective mechanism to
disguise the actual time and location from the IS-BEs imprisoned on Earth.
The languages, costumes and culture of each false civilization are intended
to reinforce amnesia because they do not remind the IS-BEs on Earth of the
original "Old Empire" planets from which they were deported.


--- Page 68 ---
On the very far back-track of time these types of civilizations tended to
repeat themselves over and over because the IS-BEs who created them
become familiar with certain patterns and styles, and stayed with them. It is
a lot of work to invent an entire civilization, complete with culture,
architecture, language, customs, mathematics, moral values, and so forth. It
is much easier to replicate a copy based on a familiar and successful pattern.
A "Sun Type 12, Class 7" planet is the designation given to a planet
inhabited by carbon-oxygen based life forms. The class of the planet is
based on the size and radiation intensity of the star, the distance of
the planetary orbit from the star, and the size, density, gravity, and chemical
composition of the planet.
Likewise, flora and fauna are designated and identified according to the star
type and class of planet they inhabit.
On the average, the percentage of planets in the physical universe with a
breathable atmosphere is relatively small. Most planets do not have
an atmosphere upon which life-forms "feed", as on Earth, where the
chemical composition of the atmosphere provides nutrition to plants, and
other organisms, which in turn support other life forms.
When the Domain Force brought the Vedic Hymns 98 (Footnote) to the
Himalayas region 8, 200 years ago, some human societies already existed.
The Aryan people invaded and conquered India 99 (Footnote), bringing the
Vedic Hymns 100 (Footnote) to the area.
The Vedas were learned by them, memorized and carried forward verbally
for 7,000 years before being committed to written form. During that span of
time one of the officers of The Domain Expeditionary Force was incarnated
on Earth as "Vishnu" 101 (Footnote). He is described many times in the Rig-
Veda. He is still considered to be a god by the Hindus. Vishnu fought in the
religious wars against the "Old Empire" forces. He is a very able and
aggressive IS-BE as well as a highly effective officer, who has since been
reassigned to other duties in The Domain.
This entire episode was orchestrated as an attack and revolt against the
Egyptian pantheon installed by "Old Empire" administrators. The conflict
was intended to help free humankind from implanted elements of the
false civilization that focused attention on many "gods" and superstitious
ritual worship demanded by the priests who "managed" them. It is all part of
the mental manipulation by the "Old Empire" to hide their criminal actions
against the IS-BEs on Earth.
A priesthood, or prison guards, were used to help reinforce the idea that an
individual, is only a biological body, and is not an Immortal Spiritual


--- Page 69 ---
Being. The individual has no identity. The individuals have no past lives. 102
(Footnote) The individual has no power. Only the gods have power. And,
the gods are a contrivance of the priests who intercede between men and the
gods they serve. Men are slaves to the dictates of the priests who threaten
eternal spiritual punishment if men do not obey them.
What else would one expect on a prison planet where all prisoners have
amnesia, and the priests themselves are prisoners? The intervention of The
Domain Force on Earth has not been entirely successful due to the
secret mind-control operation of the "Old Empire" that still continues to
operate.
A battle was waged between the "Old Empire" forces and The Domain
through religious conquest. Between 1500 BCE and about 1200 BCE, The
Domain Forces attempted to teach the concept of an individual, Immortal
Spiritual Being to several influential beings on Earth.
One such instance resulted in a very tragic misunderstanding,
misinterpretation and misapplication of the concept. The idea was perverted
and applied to mean that there is only one IS-BE, instead of the truth that
everyone is an IS-BE! Obviously, this was a gross incomprehension and an
utter unwillingness to take responsibility for one's own power.
The "Old Empire" priests managed to corrupt the concept of individual
immortality into the idea that there is only one, all-powerful IS-BE, and that
no one else is or is allowed to be an IS-BE. Obviously, this is the work of
the "Old Empire" amnesia operation.
It is easy to teach this altered notion to beings who do not want to be
responsible for their own lives. Slaves are such beings. As long as one
chooses to assign responsibility for creation, existence and
personal accountability for one's own thoughts and actions to others, one is a
slave.
As a result, the concept of a single monotheistic "god" resulted and was
promoted by many self-proclaimed prophets, such as the Jewish slave leader
-- Moses -103 (Footnote) who grew up in the household of the
Pharaoh Amenhotep III 104 (Footnote) and his son, Akhenaten 105
(Footnote) and his wife Nefertiti, 106 (Footnote) as well as his
son Tutankhamen. 107 (Footnote)
The attempt to teach certain beings on Earth the truth that they are,
themselves, IS-BEs, was part of a plan to overthrow the fictional,
metaphorical, anthropomorphic panoply of gods created by the "Old
Empire" mystery cult called "The Brothers of The Serpent" 108 (Footnote)
known in Egypt as the Priests of Amun. 109 (Footnote) They were a


--- Page 70 ---
very ancient, secret society within the "Old Empire".
The Pharaoh Akhenaten was not a very intelligent being, and was heavily
influenced by his personal ambition for self-glorification. He altered the
concept of the individual spiritual being and embodied the concept in the
sun god, Aten. His pitiful existence was soon ended. He was assassinated by
Maya and Parennefer, two of the Priests of Amun, or "Amen", which the
Christians still say, who represented the interests of the "Old Empire" forces.
The idea of "One God" was perpetuated by the Hebrew leader Moses 110
(Footnote) while he was in Egypt. He left Egypt with his adopted people, the
Jewish slaves. While they were crossing the desert, Moses was intercepted
by an operative of the "Old Empire" near Mt. Sinai. Moses was tricked into
believing that this operative was "the" One God through the use of hypnotic
commands, as well as technical and aesthetic tricks which are commonly
used by the "Old Empire" to trap IS-BEs. Thereafter, the Jewish slaves, who
trusted the word of Moses implicitly, have worshiped a single god they call
"Yaweh". 111 (Footnote).
The name "Yaweh" means "anonymous", as the IS-BE who "worked with"
Moses could not use an actual name or anything that would identify himself,
or blow the cover of the amnesia / prison operation. The last thing the covert
amnesia / hypnosis / prison system wants to do is to reveal themselves
openly to the IS-BEs on Earth.
They feel that this would restore the inmates memories!
This is the reason that all traces of physical encounters between operatives
of space civilizations and humans is very carefully hidden, disguised,
covered-up, denied or misdirected.
This "Old Empire" operative contacted Moses on a desert mountain top and
delivered the "Ten Hypnotic Commands" to him. These commands are very
forcefully worded, and compel an IS-BE into utter subservience to the will
of the operator. These hypnotic commands are still in effect and influence
the thought patterns of millions of IS-BEs thousands of years later!
Incidentally, we later discovered that the so-called "Yaweh" also wrote,
programmed and encoded the text of the Torah, which when it is read
literally, or in its decoded, 112 (Footnote) form, will provide a great deal
more false information to those who read it.
Ultimately, the Vedic Hymns became the source of nearly all of Eastern the
religions and were the philosophical source of the ideas common to Buddha
113 (Footnote), Laozi 114 (Footnote), Zoroaster 115 (Footnote), and other
philosophers.


--- Page 71 ---
The civilizing influences of these philosophies eventually replaced the brutal
idolatry of the "Old Empire" religions and were the true genesis of
kindness and compassion.
You asked me earlier why The Domain, and other space civilizations do not
land on Earth or make their presence known. Land on Earth? Do you think
we are crazy or want to be crazy? It takes a very brave IS-BE to come down
through the atmosphere and land on Earth, because this is a prison planet,
with a very uncontrolled, psychotic population. And, no IS-BE is entirely
proof against the risk of entrapment, as with the members of The Domain
Expeditionary Force who were captured in the Himalayas 8, 200 years ago.
No one knows what IS-BEs on Earth are going to do. We are not scheduled
to invest the resources of The Domain to take total control of all the space
surrounding the area at this time. This will occur in the not-to-distant future
-- about 5,000 Earth years -- according to the time schedule of The Domain.
At this time we do not prevent transports from other planetary systems
or galaxies from continuing to drop IS-BEs into the amnesia force screen
area. Eventually, this will change.
In addition, Earth, inherently, is a highly unstable planet. It is not suitable
for settlement or permanent habitation for any sustainable civilization. This
is part of the reason why it is being used as a prison planet. No one else
would seriously consider living here for a variety of simple and compelling
reasons:
1)    The continental land masses of Earth are floating on a sea of molten
lava beneath the surface which causes the land masses to crack, crumble and
drift continually. 116 (Footnote)
2)    Because of the liquid nature of the core, the planet is largely volcanic
and subject to earthquakes and volcanic explosions.
3)    The magnetic poles of the planet shift radically about once every 20,000
years. 117 (Footnote) This causes a greater or lesser degree of devastation as
a result of tidal waves, and climatic changes.
4)    Earth is very distant from the center of the galaxy and from any other
significant galactic civilization. This isolation makes it unsuitable for use,
except as a "pit stop" or jumping off point along the way between galaxies.
The moon and asteroids are far more suitable for this purpose because they
do not have any significant gravity.
5)    Earth is a heavy gravity planet, with heavy metallic soil and a dense
atmosphere. This makes it treacherous for navigational purposes. That fact
that I am in this room, as the result of an in flight accident, in spite of the
technology of my craft and my extensive expertise as a pilot, are proof of


--- Page 72 ---
these facts.
6)    There are approximately sixty billion Earth-like (Sun Type 12, Class 7)
planets in the Milky Way galaxy alone, not to mention the vast expanses of
The Domain, and the territories we will claim in the future. It is difficult to
stretch our resources to do much more than a periodic reconnaissance of
Earth. Especially when there are no immediate advantages to invest
resources here. 1 beings are aware of this, but nearly everyone has a
very limited understanding of themselves as an IS-BE.
One of the reasons for this is that IS-BEs have been waging war against each
other since the beginning of time. The purpose of these wars have always
been to establish domination by one IS-BE or group of IS-BEs over another.
Since an IS-BE cannot be "killed", the objective has been to capture and
immobilize IS-BEs.
This has been done in an nearly unlimited variety of ways. The most basic
method to capture and immobilize an IS-BE is through the use of various
kinds of "traps".
IS-BE traps have been made and put in place by many invading societies,
such as the one that established the "Old Empire", beginning about sixty-
four trillion years ago. Traps are often set up in the "territory" of the IS-BEs
being attacked. Usually a trap is set with the electronic wave of "beauty" to
attract the interest and attention of the IS-BE. When the IS-BE moves
toward the source of the aesthetic wave, such as a beautiful building or
beautiful music, the trap is activated by the energy put out by the IS-BE.
One of the most common trap mechanism uses the IS-BE's own thought
energy output when the IS-BE tries to attack or fight back against the trap.
The trap is activated and energized by the IS-BE's own thought energy.
The harder the IS-BE fights against the trap, the more it pulls the IBS
toward it and keeps them "stuck" in the trap.
Throughout the entire history of this physical universe, vast areas of space
have been taken over and colonized by IS-BE societies who invade and take
over new areas of space in this fashion. In the past, these invasions have
always shared common elements:
1)    the overwhelming use of force of arms, usually with nuclear or
electronic weapons.
2)    mind control of the IS-BEs in the invaded area through the use of
electroshock, drugs, hypnosis, erasure of memory and the implantation of
false memory or false information intended to subjugate and enslave the
local IS-BE population.
3)    take over of natural resources by the invading IS-BEs.


--- Page 73 ---
4)    political, economic and social slavery of the local population.
These activities continue in present time. All of the IS-BEs on Earth have
been members of one or more of these activities in the past, both as an
invader, or as part of the population being invaded. There are no "saints" in
this universe. Very few have avoided or been exempted from warfare
between IS-BEs.
IS-BEs on Earth are still the victims of this activity at this very moment. The
between-lives amnesia administered to IS-BEs is one on the mechanisms of
an elaborate system of "Old Empire" IS-BE traps, that prevent an IS-BE
from escaping.
This operation is managed by an illicit, renegade secret police 118 (Footnote)
force of the "Old Empire", using false provocation operations to disguise
their activities 119 (Footnote) in order to prevent detection by their
own government, The Domain and by the victims of their activities. They
are mind-control methods developed by government psychiatrists. 120
(Footnote)
Earth is a "ghetto" 121 (Footnote) planet. It is the result of an intergalactic
"Holocaust". 122 (Footnote) IS-BEs have been sentenced to Earth either
because:
1)    They are too viciously insane or perverse to function as part of any
civilization, no matter how degraded or corrupt.
2)    Or, they are a revolutionary threat to the social, economic and political
caste system that has been so carefully built and brutally enforced in the
"Old Empire". Biological bodies are specifically designed and designated as
the lowest order of entity in the "Old Empire" caste system. When an IS-BE
is sent to Earth, and then tricked or coerced into operating in a biological
body, they are actually in a prison, inside a prison.
3)    In an effort to permanently and irreversibly rid the "Old Empire" of
such "untouchables", the eternal identity, memory, and abilities of every IS-
BE is forcefully erased. This "final solution" 123 (Footnote) was conceived
and carried out by the psychopathic criminals who are controlled by the
"Old Empire".
The mass extermination of "untouchables" and prison camps created by
Germany during World War II were recently revealed. Likewise, the IS-BEs
of Earth are the victims of spiritual eradication and eternal slavery inside
frail, biological bodies, inspired by the same kind of craven hatred in the
"Old Empire".


--- Page 74 ---
The kind and creative inmates of Earth are continuously tortured by butchers
and lunatics who are controlled by the "Old Empire" prison operators. The
so-called "civilizations" of Earth, from the age of useless pyramids to the
age of nuclear holocaust, have been a colossal waste of natural resources, a
perverted use of intelligence, and an overt oppression of the spiritual essence
of every single IS-BE on the planet.
If The Domain sent ships to every corner of the universe in search of "Hell",
their quest could end on Earth.
What greater brutality can be inflicted on anyone than to erase the spiritual
awareness, identity, ability, and memory that is the essence of oneself?
The Domain has, as yet, been unable to rescue the 3,000 IS-BEs of the
Expeditionary Force Battalion either.
They are forced to inhabit biological bodies on Earth.
We have been able to recognize and track most of them for the past 8,000
years. However, our attempts to communicate with them are usually futile,
as they are unable to remember their true identity.
The majority of lost members of The Domain force have followed the
general progression of Western civilization from India, into the Middle East,
then to Chaldea, and Babylon, into Egypt, through Achaia, Greece, Rome,
into Europe, to the Western Hemisphere, and then all around the world.
The members of the lost Battalion and many other IS-BEs on Earth, could
be valuable citizens of The Domain, not including those who are vicious
criminals or perverts. Unfortunately, there has been no workable
method conceived to emancipate the IS-BEs from Earth.
Therefore, as a matter of common logic, as well as the official policy of The
Domain, it is safer and more sensible to avoid contact with the IS-BE
population of Earth until such time as the proper resources can be allocated
to locate and destroy the "Old Empire" force screen and amnesia machinery
and develop a therapy to restore the memory of an IS-BE. "
1
  On Earth most beings are not aware that they are IS-BEs, or that there are
spirits of any kind. Many other


--- Page 75 ---
Chapter Nine A Time Line of Events
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"For this interview I took written notes because Airl gave me a lot of dates
and names that I couldn't possibly remember without writing them down. I
didn't usually take notes, but during this lesson I thought it was important to
get the information exactly as she gave it to me. However, I discovered that
my note taking made it much more difficult for me to focus on receiving the
communication from Airl. I was sometimes so distracted by my own writing
that I lost the train of her thought, so I had to ask her to "repeat" herself
several times.
Airl continued to stay in communication with the Communications Officer
on the asteroid belt space station, from which she received much of this
information. Since Airl was an officer / pilot / engineer of The Domain, and
not a historian, she had to get this information from records of
reconnaissance missions conducted by other officers of The Domain
Expeditionary Force. "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 27. 7. 1947, 1st
Session
"The actual history of Earth is very bizarre. It is so nonsensical that is it is
incredible to anyone on Earth who attempts to investigate it. A myriad of
vital information is missing from it. A huge conglomeration of non sequitur
relics and mythology has been arbitrarily introduced into it. The volatile
nature of the Earth itself cyclically covers, drowns, mixes and
shreds physical evidence.
These factors, combined with amnesia and post-hypnotic suggestions, false
facades and covert manipulation make a reconstruction of the factual origins
and history of Earth civilizations virtually indecipherable. Any investigator,
no matter how brilliant, is doomed to wallow in a quagmire of inconclusive
assumptions, unworkable hypotheses, and perpetual mystery.


--- Page 76 ---
Since The Domain does not suffer these afflictions, having the advantage of
memory, longevity and an exterior point of view, I will add some
clarification to your fragmentary knowledge of the history of Earth.
These are some of the dates and events that are not mentioned in Earth
history textbooks. These dates are significant because they provide some
information concerning the influences of the "Old Empire" and of
The Domain on Earth.
Although I have attended several briefings by our mission control personnel
on the general background of Earth within the past few hundred years, I will
rely principally on data gathered from records captured after our invasion of
the "Old Empire" planetary headquarters. Since that time The Domain
Expeditionary Force has tracked the general progress of events on Earth.
As I mentioned, in some cases The Domain has chosen to intervene in
certain affairs on Earth in order to ensure the success of our long term
expansion plans. Although The Domain has no interest in Earth, per se, or in
the population of IS-BEs on this planet, it does serve our interests to ensure
that the resources of Earth are not destroyed or spoiled. To that end, certain
officers of The Domain have been sent to Earth on reconnaissance missions
from time to time to gather information.
However, the following dates and events have been extrapolated from the
accumulated information in the data files of The Domain -- at least those
that are accessible to me through the space station communications center.
208,000 BCE —
The establishment of the "Old Empire", whose headquarters were located
near one of the "tail stars" in the Ursa Major (Big Dipper) Constellation 124
(Footnote) of this galaxy. The "Old Empire" invasion force conquered the
area with nuclear weapons sometime earlier. After the radioactivity 125
(Footnote) subsided and the clean-up and restoration were completed, it
received the immigration of beings from another galaxy into this galaxy.
Those beings set up a society that kept going until about 10,000 years ago
when it was superseded by The Domain.
Very recently Earth civilization has come to resemble aspects of that
civilization, now that it has fallen out of its immediate control. In particular,
the appearance and technology of transportation such as planes, trains, ships,
fire engines, and automobiles, as well as what you consider to be "modern"
or "futuristic" architecture, which emulate the design of buildings in the
major cities of the "Old Empire".
Before 75,000 BCE -The Domain records contain very little information
about the civilizations on the continental land masses of Atlanta 126


--- Page 77 ---
(Footnote) and Lemur 127 (Footnote), except to note that they did coexist on
Earth at more or less the same time. Apparently, both civilizations were
founded by remnants of electronic, space opera cultures who fled from
their native planetary systems to escape political or religious persecution.
The Domain knows that a long-standing edict of the "Old Empire" prohibits
unauthorized colonization of planets. Therefore, it is possible that their
destruction was caused by police or military forces who pursued
the colonists as criminals and destroyed them. Although this seems a likely
supposition, no conclusive evidence exists that explains the complete
destruction and disappearance of two entire electronic civilizations.
Another possibility is that a massive submarine volcanic eruption in the
region of Lake Toba, in Sumatra 128 (Footnote) and Mt. Krakatoa 129
(Footnote) in Java caused the destruction of Lemur. The flood waters caused
by the eruption overwhelmed all the land masses, including the
highest mountains. Survivors of the destruction of the civilization, the
Lemurians, are the earliest ancestors of the Chinese. Australia and the ocean
areas to the north were the center of the Lemurian civilization and are the
source of Oriental races. Both civilizations possessed electronics, flight and
similar technologies of space opera cultures.
Apparently, the volcanic eruption expelled such a significant mass of molten
rock that the resulting vacuum beneath the crust of Earth caused great areas
of the land masses to sink below the oceans. The continental areas occupied
by both civilizations were covered with volcanic matter, and then
submerged, leaving very little evidence that they ever existed except for
legends of a global flood which prevail in every culture of the Earth, and for
survivors who are the genus of oriental races and cultures.
That kind of colossal volcanic explosion 130 (Footnote) fills the stratosphere
with toxic gases which are carried around the whole planet. The usual refuse
of these volcanic eruptions can easily cause a rain that lasts for "40 days and
40 nights" due to atmospheric pollution as well as an extensive period
during which radiation from the sun is deflected back into space, and
cause global cooling. 131 (Footnote) Certainly such an event would cause an
ice age, extinctions of life forms and many other relatively long-term
changes lasting thousands of years.
Due to the myriad types of naturally occurring global cataclysmic events
which are indigenous to Earth, it is not a suitable planet for habitation by IS-
BEs. In addition there have been occasional global cataclysms caused by IS-
BEs such as the one that destroyed the dinosaurs 132 (Footnote) more than
70 million years ago. That destruction was caused by intergalactic warfare
during which time Earth, and many other neighboring moons and planets,


--- Page 78 ---
were bombarded by atomic weapons. Atomic explosions cause atmospheric
fallout much like that of volcanic eruptions. 133 (Footnote) Most of the
planets in this sector of the galaxy have been uninhabitable deserts since
then.
Earth is undesirable for many other reasons: heavy gravity and dense
atmosphere, floods, earthquakes, volcanoes, polar shifts, continental drift,
meteor impacts, atmospheric and climatic changes, to name a few. What
kind of lasting civilization could any sophisticated culture propose to
develop in such an environment?
In addition, Earth is a small planet of a "rim star" of a galaxy. This makes
Earth very isolated geographically from the more concentrated planetary
civilizations which exist toward the center of the galaxy. These
obvious facts have made Earth suitable for use only as a zoological or
botanical garden, or for it's current use as a prison -- but not much else.
Before 30,000 BCE -Earth started being used a dumping ground and prison
for IS-BEs who were judged "untouchable", meaning criminal or non-
conformists. IS-BEs were captured, encapsulated in electronic traps and
transported to Earth from various parts of the "Old Empire". Underground
"amnesia stations" were set up on Mars and on Earth in the Rwenzori
Mountains 134 (Footnote) in Africa, in the Pyrenees Mountains 135
(Footnote) of Portugal, and in steppes of Mongolia. 136 (Footnote)
These electronic monitoring points create force screens designed to detect
and capture IS-BEs, when the IS-BE departs the body at death. IS-BEs are
brainwashed using extreme electronic force in order to maintain
Earth's population in state of perpetual amnesia. Further population controls
are installed through the use of long range electronic thought control
mechanisms.
These stations are still in operation and they are extremely difficult to attack
or destroy, even for The Domain, which will not maintain a significant
military force in this area until a later date.
The pyramid civilizations were intentionally created as part of the IS-BE
prison system on Earth. The pyramid is alleged to be the symbol for
"wisdom". However, the "wisdom" of the "Old Empire" on planet Earth is
intended to operate as part of the elaborate amnesia "trap" consisting of
MASS, MEANING and MYSTERY. These are opposite to the qualities of
an Immortal Spiritual Being which have no mass, or meaning. An IS-BE
"is" solely because it thinks that it "is".
MASS represents the physical universe, including objects such as stars,
planets, gases, liquids, energy particles and tea cups. The Pyramids were


--- Page 79 ---
very, very solid objects, as were all of the structures created by the "Old
Empire". Heavy, massive, dense, solid objects create the illusion of eternity.
Dead bodies wrapped in linen, soaked in resin, placed inside engraved
golden coffins and entombed with Earthly possessions amid cryptic symbols
create an illusion of eternal life. However, dense, heavy physical universe
symbols are the exact opposite of an IS-BE. An IS-BE has no mass or time.
Objects do not endure forever. An IS-BE "is" forever.
MEANING:    False meanings prevent knowledge of the truth.
The pyramid cultures of Earth are a fabricated illusion. They are nothing
more than "false civilizations" contrived by the "Old Empire" mystery cult
called the Brothers of the Serpent. False meanings were invented to create
the illusion of a false society to further reinforce the amnesia mechanism
among the intimates in the Earth prison system.
MYSTERY is built of lies and half-truths. Lies cause persistence because
they alter facts which are comprised of exact dates, places and events. When
truth is known, a lie no longer persists. If the exact truth is revealed, it is no
longer a mystery.
All of the pyramid civilizations of Earth were carefully contrived of layer
upon layer of lies, skillfully combined with a few truths. The priest cult of
the "Old Empire" combined sophisticated mathematics and space opera
technology, with theatrical metaphors and symbolism. All of these are
complete fabrications of truth, baited with the allure of aesthetics and
mystery.
The intricate rituals, astronomical alignments, secret rites, massive
monuments, marvelous architecture, artistically rendered hieroglyphs and
man-animal "gods" were designed to create a unsolvable mystery for the IS-
BE prison population on Earth. The mystery diverts attention away from the
truth that IS-BEs have been captured, given amnesia and imprisoned on a
planet far, far away from their home.
The truth is that every single IS-BE on Earth came to Earth from some other
planetary system. Not one person on Earth is a "native" inhabitant. Human
beings did not "evolve" on Earth.
In the past, Egyptian society was run by the prison administrators or priests,
who, in turn, manipulated a Pharaoh, controlled the treasury and kept the
inmate population enslaved physically and spiritually. In modern times, the
priests have changed, but the function is the same. However, now the priest
are prisoners too.
Mystery reinforces the walls of the prison. The "Old Empire" feared that the
IS-BEs on Earth might regain their memory. Therefore, one of the primary


--- Page 80 ---
functions of The "Old Empire" priesthood is to prevent IS-BEs on Earth
from remembering who they really are, how they came to Earth, where they
came from.
The "Old Empire" operators of the prison system, and their superiors, do not
want IS-BEs to remember who murdered them, captured them, stole all of
their possessions, sent them to Earth, gave them amnesia and condemned
them to eternal imprisonment!
Imagine what might happen if all of the inmates in the prison suddenly
remembered that they have the right to be free! What if they suddenly
realized that they have been falsely imprisoned and rise up as one against
the guards?
They are afraid to reveal anything that looks like the civilization of the
inmates home planets. A body, a piece of clothing, a symbol, a space ship,
an advanced electronics device, or any other remnant of civilization from a
home planet could "remind" a being and rekindle his memory.
Sophisticated technologies of entrapment and enslavement, which were
developed over millions of years in the "Old Empire", have been applied to
the IS-BEs on Earth with the intention to create a false facade for the prison.
These facades were installed on Earth in totality, all at once. Every piece is a
fully integrated part of the prison system.
This includes a religion of mumbo-jumbo double-speak. Every pyramid
civilization uses this as part of a control mechanism to keep the population
enslaved by force, by fear and by ignorance. The indecipherable muddle of
irrelevant information, geometric designs, mathematical calculation,
astronomical alignments, are part of a false spirituality based on solid
objects, rather than immortal spirits, in order to confuse and disorient the IS-
BEs on Earth.
When the body of a person died they were buried with their Earthly
possessions, including their former body wrapped in linen, to sustain their
"soul" or "Ka" after death. An IS-BE does not "have" as soul. An IS-BE is
a soul.
On the home planet of an IS-BE their material possessions were not lost,
stolen or forgotten when the being died or left the body. An IS-BE could
return and claim the possessions. However, if the IS-BE has amnesia, they
will not remember that they had any possession. So, governments, insurance
companies, bankers, family members and other vultures can pick their
possessions clean without fear of retribution from the deceased. 137
(Footnote)
The only reason for these false meanings is to instill the idea that an IS-BE


--- Page 81 ---
is NOT a spirit, but a physical object! This is a lie. It is a trap for an IS-BE.
Countless people have spent endless hours attempting to solve the jig-saw
puzzle of Egypt and other "Old Empire" civilizations. They are puzzles
made of pieces that do not fit. A question states its own answer. What is
the mystery of Egypt and other pyramid cultures? Mystery!
circa 15,000 BCE -The "Old Empire" forces supervised the construction of a
hydraulic mining operations in the Andes Mountains in present day Bolivia
near Lake Titicaca (Lake of Tin Stones) at Tiahuanaco 138 (Footnote)
including construction of the massive stone complex of carved stone
buildings known as Kalasasaya and its "Gate of the Sun" at an elevation of
nearly 14,000 feet.
11, 600 BCE -The Polar Axis of Earth shifted 139 (Footnote) to a sea area.
The last Ice Age came to an end abruptly as the polar ice caps melted and
the level of the ocean rose to submerge large sections of the land masses of
Earth.
The last remaining vestiges of Atlantis and Lemuria were covered by water.
Massive extinctions of animals occurred in the Americas, Australia and the
Artic Regions due to the shift of the poles.
10, 450 BCE -Plans were made by the "Old Empire" IS-BE called Thoth for
construction of a Great Pyramid of Giza. The 4 "air shafts" of the pyramid
point precisely to key stars in the "Old Empire" as seen from Giza in this
year. The alignment of the Pyramids of Giza on the ground
matches perfectly the alignment of the constellation of Orion as seen in the
sky from Giza relative to the Nile as the earthly representation of the Milky
Way in the sky. 140 (Footnote)
10, 400 BCE -According to the Earth historian, Herodotus, records from the
ruined civilization of Atlantis, containing electronic technology and other
technology of that society, were buried in a vault beneath the paws of
The Sphinx. The Greek historian wrote that he was told this by some of his
friends who were Priests of Anu, the Sumerian god, at the Egyptian city of
Heliopolis. However, it is highly unlikely that any traces of an electronic
civilization would be allowed to be left intact on Earth by the "old empire"
prison system administrators. 141 (Footnote).
8, 212 BCE -The Veda or Vedic hymns are a set of religious hymns that
were introduced into the societies of Earth. They came forward in spoken
tradition, memorized, from generation to generation. "The Hymn to the
Dawn Child" includes an idea called the "cycle of the physical universe": the
creation, growth, conservation, decay and death or destruction of energy and
matter in a space. These cycles produce time. The same set of


--- Page 82 ---
hymns describes the "theory of evolution". Here is a tremendous body of
knowledge which contains a great deal of spiritual truth. Unfortunately, it
has been incorrectly evaluated by humans and altered with lies and reversals
of fact by priests which are a booby trap to prevent anyone from using the
wisdom to discover a way to escape from the prison planet.
Destruction of the "Old Empire" home planet government in this galaxy.
This was the end of the "Old Empire" as a political entity in the galaxy.
However, the vast size of the "Old Empire" will take many thousands
of years for The Domain to conquer completely. The inertia of the political,
economic and cultural systems of the "Old Empire" will remain in place for
some time to come.
However, remnants of the "Old Empire" space fleet in the solar system of
Earth were finally destroyed in 1, 230 AD. In addition to operatives of the
"Old Empire" who run the Earth prison operation, there were other
beings from the "Old Empire" who came to Earth. Since Earth was no
longer under the control of the "Old Empire" after their defeat by The
Domain Forces, there was no police force to control military renegades,
space pirates, miners, merchants and entrepreneurs who came to Earth to
exploit the resources of the planet for personal gain, and many other
nefarious reasons.
For example, the history of Earth, according to the Jewish people, describes
the "Nephilim". 142 (Footnote) Chapter 6 of The Book of Genesis, describes the
origin of the "Nephilim":
"Now it came about, when men began to multiply on the face of the land,
and daughters were born to them, that the "sons of God" saw that the
daughters of men were beautiful; and they took wives for themselves,
whomever they chose.
The Nephilim were on the earth in those days, and also afterward, when the
sons of God came in to the daughters of men, and they bore children to
them. Those were the mighty men who were of old, men of renown. "
The ancient Jewish people who wrote the history book called the Old
Testament were slaves, herders and gatherers. Any modern technology, even
a simple flashlight, would seem astounding and miraculous to them. They
attributed any unexplainable phenomenon or technology to the workings of
a "god". Unfortunately, this behavior is universal among all IS-BEs who
have been given amnesia, and cannot remember their own experiences,
training, technology, personality or identity.
Obviously, if these were men, and they mated with Earth women, they were
not "sons of god". They were IS-BEs who inhabited biological bodies in


--- Page 83 ---
order to take advantage of the political situation in the "Old Empire", or
simply to indulge in physical sensation.
They set up small colonies of their own on Earth beyond the reach of the
police and tax authorities.
Coincidentally, one of the most serious crimes an IS-BE could commit in
the "Old Empire" was to violate income tax regulations. Income taxes were
used as a slavery mechanism and as a punishment in the "Old Empire".
The slightest error in a tax report made an IS-BE "untouchable", followed by
imprisonment on Earth.
6, 750 BCE -Other Pyramid civilizations were set up by the "Old Empire"
on Earth. These were established in Babylon, Egypt, China and
Mesoamerica. The Mesopotamian area provided service facilities,
communication stations, space ports, and stone quarry operations for these
false civilizations.
Ptah was the name given to the first in a succession of administrators from
the "Old Empire" who represented themselves to the Earth population as
"divine" rulers.
Ptah's importance may be understood when one learns that the word "Egypt"
is a Greek corruption of the phrase "Het-Ka-Ptah, " or "House of the Spirit
of Ptah". Ptah, was nick-named "The Developer". He was a
construction engineer. His high priest was given the title 'Great Leader of
Craftsmen'.
Ptah was also the god of reincarnation in Egypt. He originated the "opening
of the mouth ceremony" which was performed by priests at funerals to
"release souls" from their corpses. Of course, when the "souls"
were released, they were captured, given amnesia, and returned to Earth
again.
The so-called "Devine" rulers who followed Ptah on Earth were called
"Ntr", meaning "Guardians or Watchers" by the Egyptians. Their symbol
was the Serpent, or Dragon which represented a secret priesthood of the
"Old Empire" called the "Brothers of the Serpent".
"Old Empire" engineers used cutting tools of highly concentrated light
waves to quickly carve and excavate stone blocks. 143 (Footnote) They also
used force fields and space craft to lift and transport blocks of
stone weighing hundred or thousands of tons each. The placement on the
ground of some of these structures will be found to have geodetic or
astronomical significance relative to various stars in this galactic region.
The buildings are crude and impractical, compared to building standards on
most planets. As an engineer of The Domain, I can attest that make-shift


--- Page 84 ---
structures like these would never pass inspection on a planet in The Domain.
Stone blocks such as those used in the pyramid civilizations can still be
seen, partially excavated, in the stone quarries in the Middle East 144
(Footnote) and elsewhere.
Most of the structures were hastily built "props", much like the false facades
of a western town on the set of a motion picture. They appear to be real, and
to have some use or value however, they have no value. They have no useful
purpose. The pyramids and all of the other stone monuments erected by the
"Old Empire" could be called "mystery monuments". For what reason
would anyone waste so many resources to construct so many useless
buildings? To create a mysterious illusion.
The fact of the matter is that each one of the "divine rulers" were IS-BEs
who served as operatives of the "Old Empire". They were certainly not
"divine", although they were IS-BEs.
6248 BCE -The beginning of active warfare between The Domain Space
Command and the surviving remnants of the "Old Empire" space fleet in
this solar system that lasted nearly 7, 500 years. It began when an
installation was established in the Himalaya mountains by a battalion of the
3,000 officers and crew members of The Domain Expeditionary Force. The
installation was not fortified as The Domain was not aware that the "Old
Empire" maintained Earth as a prison planet.
The Domain installation was attacked and destroyed by space forces of the
"Old Empire" who continued to operate in the solar system of Earth. IS-BEs
of The Domain battalion were captured, taken to Mars, given amnesia, and
sent back to Earth to inhabit human biological bodies. They are still on
Earth.
5, 965 BCE -Investigations into the disappearance of Domain forces in this
solar system led to the discovery of "Old Empire" bases on Mars and
elsewhere. The Domain took over the planet Venus 145 (Footnote) as a
defensive position against the space forces of the "Old Empire".
The Domain Expeditionary Force also monitors life forms on Venus which
has a very dense, hot and heavy atmosphere of sulfuric acid clouds. There
are a few life forms on Earth that can endure an atmospheric environment
like Venus. 146 (Footnote)
The Domain also established secret installations or space stations in the
Earth solar system. This solar system has a planet that is broken up -- the
asteroid belt. 147 (Footnote) It provides a very useful low-gravity platform
for take off and landing of space craft. It is used as a "galactic jump"
between the Milky Way and adjoining galaxies. There aren't any planets at


--- Page 85 ---
this end of the galaxy that can serve as a good galactic entering spot for
incoming transport, and other ships. But this broken up planet makes a very
ideal space station. As a result of our war against the "Old Empire", this area
of the solar system is now a valuable possession of The Domain.
3, 450 - 3, 100 BCE -The intervention into the affairs on Earth by the
"Old Empire" operatives or "divine gods" was disrupted at this time by The
Domain Forces. They were forced to replace themselves with human rulers.
The First Dynasty of human Pharaohs who united Upper and Lower Egypt
began with the rule of a Pharaoh who, coincidentally, was named "MEN".
He established the capital city called Men-Nefer, "The Beauty of Men" in
Egypt. This started the first succession of 10 human Pharaohs and a
period of 350 years of chaos that followed in the administrative ranks of the
"Old Empire".
3, 200 BCE -As I mentioned earlier, Earth was under attack between The
Domain and the "Old Empire" forces during this period. Of course this does
not make any sense to archaeologists or historians on Earth, because
the Egyptian period is a space opera era period. Since Earth historians have
amnesia, they assume that this was only a religious period.
Further, because the technology and civilizations installed on Earth during
this period were "prepackaged", they did not "evolve" on Earth. Of
course, there is no evidence anywhere on Earth of an evolutionary transition
which resulted in sophisticated mathematics, language, writing, religion,
architecture, cultural traditions in Egypt or any of the pyramid civilizations.
These cultures, complete with all of the details of racial body types, hair-
styles, facial makeup, rituals, moral codes and so forth, just "appeared" as
complete integrated packages.
The physical evidence suggests that all evidence of the intervention of The
Domain or "Old Empire" Forces, or any other extraterrestrial activity, has
been carefully "cleaned up", so as not to create suspicion. The "Old Empire"
force does not want the IS-BEs of Earth to suspect that they have been
captured, transplanted to Earth and brainwashed.
So, Earth historians continue to assume that Egyptian priests were not
supposed to have "ray guns" or other technology of the "Old Empire". And,
they suppose that there was nothing going on, on Earth, except some priests
walking around saying 'Amen', which the Christians still say.
3, 172 BCE -Layout of the astronomical grid that joins the key mining sites
and astronomical buildings of 'the gods' in the Andes Mountains such as
Tiahuanaco, 148 (Footnote) Cuzco, Quito, the cities of Ollantaytambu, 149
(Footnote) Machupiccu 15 (Footnote) and Pachacamac 151 (Footnote) for the
mining of rare metals, including tin for use in making bronze. Metals were


--- Page 86 ---
the property of "the gods", of course.
A great variety of entrepreneurial mining was done on Earth at that time due
to the war between the "Old Empire" force and The Domain. These miners
did carve a few sculptures of themselves. They are seen wearing mining
helmets. The Ponce stela sculpture in the sunken courtyard of the
Kalasasaya temple is a crude rendering of a stone worker using an
electronic, light-wave emitting stone cutter and carving tools, held in
a holster. 152 (Footnote)
The "Old Empire" has also maintained mining operations on planets
throughout the galaxy for a very long time.
The mineral resources of Earth are now a property of The Domain.
2, 450 BCE -The "great" pyramid 153 (Footnote) and complex of
pyramids near Cairo were completed. An inscription created by the "Old
Empire" administrators can be seen in the so-called Pyramid texts. 154
(Footnote) The texts say that the pyramid was built under the direction of
Thoth, Son of Ptah. Of course there was never a King buried in the chamber,
since the pyramids were never intended to be used as a burial chamber.
The great pyramid was located precisely at the exact center of all of the land
masses of Earth, 155 (Footnote) as viewed from space. Obviously such
precise measurements require aerial perspective and a view of the land
masses of Earth from space. Purely mathematical calculations of the
geodetic center of the continents of Earth could not be made otherwise.
Shafts were constructed inside the pyramid to align with the configuration of
stars in the constellation of Orion, Canus Majora, and specifically Sirius.
The shafts are also aligned to the Big Dipper, where the home planet of the
"Old Empire" existed. Also, Ainitak, Alpha Draconis and Beta Ursa Minor.
156 (Footnote) These stars are each one of the key systems in the "Old
Empire" from which IS-BEs were brought to Earth and dumped,
as unwanted merchandise.
The configuration of all the pyramids of the Giza Plateau was intended to
create a "mirror image", on Earth of the solar system and certain
constellations within the "Old Empire".
2, 181 BCE -MIN, became the God of Fertility of Egypt. The IS-BE, also
known as Pan, was also a Greek god. Min or Pan, was an IS-BE who
somehow managed to escape from the "Old Empire" amnesia system. 157
(Footnote)
2, 160 - 2040 BCE -One of the results of the intensifying battle between The
Domain Forces and the "Old Empire" forces was that the control of the


--- Page 87 ---
"divine rulers", was broken at this time. They finally left Egypt and returned
to the "heavens", so to speak, in defeat. Human beings took over the ruling
role as Pharaohs. The first human pharaoh moved the Capital city of Egypt
from Memphis to Heracleopolis. 158 (Footnote)
1, 500 BCE -This is the date for the destruction of Atlantis given by the
Egyptian high-priests, Psenophis of Heliopolis, and Sonchis of Sais, to the
Greek sage Solon. 159 (Footnote) The Priests of Anu recorded that the
Mediterranean area was invaded by "Atlantean" people about this time.
Of course, these people were not from the ancient continent of Atlanta, in
the Atlantic Ocean, which existed more than 70,000 years earlier.
These were refugees from the Minoan civilization on Crete escaping from
the volcanic eruption and tidal waves of Mt. Thera that destroyed their
civilization.
Plato's references to Atlantis were borrowed from the writings of the Greek
philosopher Solon, who was given the information by the Egyptian priest
who called Atlantis "Kepchu", which also happens to be the Egyptian name
for the people of Crete. Some of the survivors of the Minoan volcanic
disaster asked Egypt for help, since they were the only other civilization
with high culture in the Mediterranean area at the time. 160 (Footnote)
The Domain Expeditionary Force actively waged a war of religious
conquest against the Egyptian mystery cult called the Priest of Amun, also
known as the "Old Empire" Brothers of The Serpent. During this time
the Pharaoh Akhenaten abolished the priesthood of Amun, and moved the
capital of Egypt from Thebes to the new location at Amarna, at the exact
geodetic center of Egypt 161 (Footnote). However, this plot to overthrow the
"Old Empire" religious control was quickly spoiled.
1, 193 BCE -In the Near East and Achaea, the Greeks and Trojans fought for
supremacy, which ended in the destruction of Troy as the finale of the
Trojan War. 162 (Footnote) During this same time, war was being fought out
in the space of the solar system between two forces for control of the "space
stations" surrounding Earth. That period of 300 years was a very violent
resistance to The Domain Forces by the remnants of the "Old Empire"
forces. It did not last long however, as it is futile to resist The Domain.
850 BCE -Homer, the blind Greek poet, 163 (Footnote) wrote the stories 'the
gods' as borrowed and modified from earlier sources in Vedic texts,
Sumerian texts, Babylonian and Egyptian mythology. His poems, as well as
many other "myths" of the ancient world are very accurate descriptions of
the exploits of IS-BE's on Earth who were able to avoid the "Old Empire
amnesia operation and operate without biological bodies.


--- Page 88 ---
700 BCE -The Vedic Hymns were first translated in the Greek language.
This was the beginning of a cultural revolution in Western civilization that
transformed crude and brutal tribal cultures into democratic republics based
on more reasonable conduct.
638 - 559 BCE -Solon, a wise man from Greece, reported the existence of
Atlantis. This was information he received from the "Old Empire" high-
priests, Psenophis of Heliopolis and Sonchis of Sais, with whom he studied
in Egypt. 164 (Footnote)
630 BCE -Zoroaster 165 (Footnote) created religious practices in Persia
around an IS-BE called Ahura Mazda. 166 (Footnote) This was yet another
of the growing number of "monotheistic" gods put in place by operatives of
The Domain to displace a panoply of "Old Empire" gods.
604 BCE --
Laozi, a philosopher who wrote a small book called "The Way", 167
(Footnote) was an IS-BE of great wisdom, who overcame the effects of the
"Old Empire" amnesia / hypnosis machinery and escaped from Earth.
His understanding of the nature of an IS-BE must have been very good to
accomplish this.
According to the common legend, his last lifetime as a human was lived in a
small village in China. He contemplated the essence of his own life. Like
Guatama Siddhartha, he confronted his own thoughts, and past lives. In so
doing, he recovered some of his own memory, ability and immortality.
As an old man, he decided to leave the village and go to the forest to depart
the body. The village gatekeeper stopped him and begged him to write down
his personal philosophy before leaving. Here is a small piece of advice he
gave about "the way" he rediscovered his own spirit:
"He who looks will not see it;
He who listens will not hear it;
He who gropes will not grasp it.
The formless nonentity, the motionless source of motion. The infinite
essence of the spirit is the source of life.
Spirit is self.
Walls form and support a room,
yet the space between them is most important.
A pot is formed of clay,
yet the space formed therein is most useful.


--- Page 89 ---
Action is caused by the force of nothing on something,
One suffers great afflictions because one has a body. Without a body what
afflictions could one suffer?
When one cares more for the body than for his own spirit,
One becomes the body and looses the way of the spirit. The self, the spirit,
creates illusion.
The delusion of Man is that reality is not an illusion. One who creates
illusions and makes them more real than reality, follows the path of the spirit
and finds the way of heaven".
593 BCE -The Genesis story written by the Jewish people describe "angels"
or "sons of god" mating with women of Earth, who bore them children.
These were probably renegades from the "Old Empire". They may also have
been space pirates or merchants from a system outside the galaxy who came
to steal mineral resources, or smuggle drugs.
The Domain has observed that there are many visitors to Earth from
neighboring planets and galaxies, but they rarely stop and live here. What
kind of beings would live on a prison planet if they were not forced to
do so?
The same book also reports the story of a human named Ezekiel who
witnessed a spacecraft or aircraft landing near Chebar River in Chaldea. His
description of the craft uses very archaic language, technically, but
is nevertheless, quite an accurate description of an "Old Empire" saucer or
scout craft. It is similar to the sighting of "vimanas" by the people in the
foothills of the Himalayas.
Their Genesis story also mentions that "Yahweh" designed biological bodies
to live for 120 years on Earth. Biological bodies on most "Sun Type 12,
Class 7" planets are usually engineered to last for an average of about 150
years. Human bodies on Earth last only about one half as long. We suspect
this is because the prison administrators have altered the biological material
of human bodies on Earth to die more frequently so that the IS-BEs who
inhabit them will recycle through the amnesia mechanism more frequently.
168 (Footnote)
It should be noted that much of the "Old Testament" was written during the
captivity of the Jews who were enslaved in Babylon, which was very
heavily controlled by priests of the "Old Empire". The book introduces
a false sense of time and a false concept of the origin of the creation.
The serpent is the symbol of the "Old Empire". It appears in the beginning
of their creation story, or as the Greeks say, "Genesis", and causes the


--- Page 90 ---
spiritual destruction of the first human beings, who are metaphorically
represented by Adam and Eve.
The Old Testament, clearly influenced by the "Old Empire" Forces, gives a
detailed description of the IS-BEs being induced into biological bodies on
Earth. This book also describes many of the "Old Empire" brainwashing
activities, including the installation of false memories, lies, superstitions,
commands to "forget" and all manner of tricks and traps designed to keep
IS-BEs on Earth. Most importantly, it destroys the awareness that humans
are Immortal Spiritual Beings.
580 BCE -The Oracle at Delphi was one temple in a network of many oracle
temples. Each temple was a communication center. The "Old Empire"
priests designated a local "god" for each temple. Each of the temples in this
network were located at precisely 5 degrees of latitude intervals from the
capital city of Thebes throughout the Mediterranean area as far north as the
Baltic Sea.
The shrines served, among other things, as a grid, housing electronic
beacons, later called "Omphalus Stones". 169 (Footnote) The grid
arrangement of Oracle sites can only be seen from miles above the Earth.
The original network of electronic communications beacons were disabled
when the priesthood was dispersed, and were replaced by carved stones.
The symbol of the "Old Empire" priesthood is a Python, dragon or serpent.
It was called the "earth-dragon" at Delphi, which is always represented in
sculpture and vase-paintings as a serpent.
In Greek mythology the guardian of the Omphalus Stone at the temple at
Delphi was an oracle whose name was Python, the serpent. 170 (Footnote)
She was an IS-BE, who was conquered by a "god" named Apollo. He buried
her under the Omphalos stone. This is a case of one "god" setting up his
temple on the grave of another. This is a very accurate euphemism for The
Domain Force that detected and disabled the "Old Empire" temple network
on Earth.
It was one of the fatal blows to the "Old Empire" Force in the solar system
of Earth.
559 BCE -The Commanding Officer of The Domain Battalion who was lost
in 5, 965 BCE was detected and located by a search party sent to Earth from
The Domain Expeditionary Force. He was incarnated as Cyrus II of Persia
during this time. 171 (Footnote)
A unique system of organization was used by Cyrus II 172 (Footnote) and the
members of that Battalion who followed him from India through his
progression of human lives on Earth. In part, it enabled them to build the


--- Page 91 ---
largest empire in the history of the Earth to that date.
The Domain Search Party who located him traveled around the Earth
searching for the lost Battalion for several thousand years. The party
consisted of 900 officers of The Domain, divided into teams of 300 each.
One team searched the land, another team search the oceans and the third
team searched the space surrounding Earth. There are many reports made in
various human civilizations concerning their activities, which humans did
not understand, of course.
The Domain Search Party devised a wide variety of electronic detection
devices needed to track the electronic signature or wavelength of each of
the missing members of the Battalion. Some were used in space, others on
land, and special devices were invented to detect IS-BEs under water.
One of these electronic detection devices is referred to as a "tree of life". 173
(Footnote) The device is literally a tool designed to detect the presence of
life, which is an IS-BE. This was a large electronic screen
generator designed to permeate wide areas. To the ancient humans on Earth
it resembled a sort of tree, since is consists of an interwoven lattice of
electronic field generators and receivers. The electronic field detects
the presence of IS-BEs, whether the IS-BE is occupying a body, or if they
are outside a body.
A portable version of this detection device was carried by each of the
members of The Domain Search Party.
Stone carvings in Sumeria show winged beings using pinecone-shaped
instruments to scan the bodies of human beings. They are also shown
carrying the power unit for the scanner which are depicted as stylized
baskets or water buckets, being carried by eagle-headed, winged beings. 174
(Footnote)
Members of the aerial unit of The Domain Search Party, led by Ahura
Mazda, were often called "winged gods" in human interpretations.
Throughout the Persian civilization there are a great many stone relief
carving that depict winged space craft, that they called a "faravahar". 175
(Footnote)
Members of the Aquatic Unit of The Domain Search Party were called
"Oannes" by local humans. 176 (Footnote) Stone carvings of the so-called
Oannes are shown wearing silver diving suits. They lived in the sea and
appeared to the human population to be men dressed to look like fish. Some
members of the lost Battalion were found in the oceans inhabiting the bodies
of dolphins or whales. 17 (Footnote)


--- Page 92 ---
On land, The Domain Search Party members were referred to as "Annunaki"
178 (Footnote) by the Sumerians, and "Nephilim", in the Bible. Of course,
their true mission and activities were never disclosed to homo sapiens. Their
activities have been purposefully disguised. Therefore, the human stories
and legends about the Annunaki, and the other members of The Domain
Search Party have not been understood and were badly misinterpreted.
In the absence of complete and accurate data, anyone observing a
phenomenon will assume or hypothesize explanations in an attempt to make
sense of the data.
Therefore, although mythology and history may be based on factual events,
they are likewise full of misunderstood and misinterpreted evaluations of
the data, and embellished with assumptions, theories and hypotheses which
are false.
The space unit of The Domain Expeditionary Force are shown flying in a
"Winged-Disc". 179 (Footnote) This is an allusion to the spiritual power of
the IS-BEs, as well as to the space craft used by The Domain Search Party.
The Commander of the lost Battalion, as Cyrus II, was an IS-BE who was
regarded as a messiah on Earth by both the Jews, and the Muslims. In less
than 50 years he established a highly ethical, and humanitarian philosophy
which pervaded all of Western Civilization.
180 (Footnote)
His territorial conquests organization of people and monumental building
projects were unprecedented before or since. Such sweeping
accomplishments in a short period of time could only have been achieved by
a leader and a team of trained officers, pilots, engineers and crew members
of a unit of The Domain, acting as a team, who had been trained and worked
together for thousands of years.
Although we have discovered the location of many of the IS-BEs in the lost
Battalion, The Domain has been unable to restore their memory and return
them to active duty as yet.
Of course we cannot transport IS-BEs who are inhabiting biological bodies
to the space stations of The Domain since there is no oxygen in our space
craft. Also we do not maintain life support facilities for biological entities
there. Our only hope has been to locate and rekindle the awareness, memory
and identity of the IS-BEs of the Lost Battalion. One day they will be
capable of rejoining us.
200 BCE -The last remnant of the "Old Empire" pyramid civilization is at
"Teotihuacan" 181 (Footnote). The Aztec name means "place of the gods" or


--- Page 93 ---
"where men were transformed into gods". Like the
astronomical configuration of the Giza pyramids in Egypt, the
entire complex is a precise scale-model of the solar system that accurately
reflects the orbital distances of the inner planets, the asteroid belt, Jupiter,
Saturn,
Uranus, Neptune, and Pluto. Since the planet Uranus had only been
"discovered" with modern Earth telescopes in 1787, and Pluto not until
1930, it is apparent that the builders had information from "other sources".
A common element of the Pyramid Civilizations around the Earth is the
constant use of the image of the snake, dragon, or serpent. This is because
the beings who planted these civilizations here want to create an illusion that
the "gods" are reptilian. This is also a part of an illusion designed to
perpetuate amnesia. The beings who placed false civilizations on Earth are
IS-BEs, just like you. Many of the biological bodies inhabited by IS-BEs in
the "Old Empire" are very similar in appearance to the bodies on Earth. The
"gods" are not reptiles, although they often behave like snakes.
1, 034 - 1, 124 AD -The entire Arab world was enslaved by one man: Hasan
ibn-al-Sabbah 182 (Footnote), the Old Man of the Mountain. He established
the Hashshashin who operated a part of Mohammedanism which controlled
by terror and fear much of India, Asia Minor and most of the
Mediterranean Basin. They became a priesthood that used an
extremely effective mind-control mechanism and extortion tool that enabled
the "Assassins" to control the civilized world for several hundred years.
Their method was simple. Young men were kidnapped and knocked
unconscious with hashish. They were taken to a garden filled with beautiful
black-eyed houris in a harem decorated with rivers of milk and honey.
The young men were told that they were in paradise. They were promised
they could return and live there forever if they sacrificed themselves as an
assassin of whomever they were commanded to kill. The men were knocked
out again, and shoved out into the world to carry out the assassination
mission.
Meanwhile, the Old Man of the Mountain sent a messenger to the caliph or,
whatever wealthy ruler from whom they demanded payment, demanding
camel-loads of gold, spices, incense or other valuables. If payment did not
arrive on time, the assassin would be sent to kill the offending party. There
was virtually no defense against the unknown assailant who wanted nothing
more than to carry out his mission, be killed and return to "heaven".
This is a very crude example of how simple and effective a brainwashing
and mind-control operation can be when it is used skillfully, and forcefully.
It is a small scale demonstration of how the amnesia mind-control


--- Page 94 ---
operation is used against the entire IS-BE population of Earth by the "Old
Empire".
1119 AD —
The Knights Templar 183 (Footnote) was established as a Christian military
unit after the First Crusade but quickly transformed into the basis for the
international banking system to accumulate money to conduct the agenda of
operatives for vestiges of the "Old Empire" on Earth.
1135 - 1230 AD -The Domain Expeditionary Force completed the
annihilation of the remaining remnants of the "Old Empire" space fleet
operating in the solar system around Earth. Unfortunately, their long
established thought control operation remains largely intact.
1307 AD -The Knights Templar was disbanded by King Philip IV of France,
who was deeply in debt to the Order. 184 (Footnote) He pressured Pope
Clement V to condemn the Order's members, have them arrested, tortured
them into giving false confessions, and burned them at the stake in an
effort to erase his debt by seizing all of their wealth.
A majority of the Templars fled to Switzerland where they established an
international banking system 185 (Footnote) which secretly controls the
economy of Earth.
"Old Empire" operatives act as an unseen influence on international bankers.
186 (Footnote) The banks are operated covertly as a on-combatant
provocateur to covertly promote and finance weapons and warfare between
the nations of Earth. Warfare is an internal mechanism of control over the
inmate population.
The purpose of the senseless genocide and carnage of wars financed by
these international banks is to prevent the IS-BEs of Earth from sharing
open communication, cooperate together in activities that might enable IS-
BEs to prosper, become enlightened, and escape their imprisonment. "


--- Page 95 ---
Chapter Ten A Lesson In Biology
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"My debrief was also tape recorded as a back up and to add clarification to
the stenographic notes. I debriefed immediately after my interview so that
everything that was said was still fresh in my mind.
When I recounted these stories to the gallery stenographer I was still reeling
a bit. The perspective on Earth history from the point of view of The
Domain is very strange, to say the least. I wasn't sure if my uncomfortable
feeling came from being dis-oriented, or if it came from being re-oriented.
Either way, I felt unsteady and confused. Yet, at the same time, there was a
ring of truth to it. I was elated and incredulous at the same time!
The stenographer looked askance at me more than a few times as she
recorded the "history lesson" I passed on to her. I'm sure she thought I was
losing my mind! Maybe she was right. However, if my mind had been filled
with hypnotic suggestions and false memories by the "Old Empire", as Airl
suggested, perhaps losing my mind would be a good idea!
I didn't have much time to ponder my own, personal thoughts about these
things at the time. It was my duty to get all of the information I could from
Airl and pass it on to the stenographer as soon as Airl was finished. My job
was not to analyze the information, just report it as accurately as possible.
The analysis would be left to the men in the gallery, or whomever else was
receiving copies of the transcripts.
I also delivered a list of books and materials requested by Airl to the agent
in the gallery room so these could be gathered and delivered to Airl. Each
night after I left Airl, she spent the rest of the night reading or "scanning"
the materials which had been delivered to her. The members of the gallery
each received a transcript of the stenographic dictation to study, each
looking for information that was of interest to them. In the morning after
breakfast I reported back to the interview room to continue my interviews or
"lessons" with Airl. "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET


--- Page 96 ---
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 28. 7. 1947, 1st
Session
"The origins of this universe and life on Earth, as discussed in the textbooks
I have read, are very inaccurate. Since you serve your government as
a medical personnel, your duties require that you understand biological
entities. So, I am sure that you will appreciate the value of the material I will
share with you today.
The text of books I have been given on subjects related to the function of
life forms contain information that is based on false memories, inaccurate
observation, missing data, unproven theories, and superstition.
For example, just a few hundred years ago your physicians practiced
bloodletting 188 (Footnote) as a means to release supposed ill-humors from
the body in an attempt to relieve or heal a wide variety of physical and
mental afflictions. Although this has been corrected somewhat, many
barbarisms are still being practiced in the name of medical science.
In addition to the application of incorrect theories concerning biological
engineering, many primary errors that Earth scientists make are the result of
an ignorance of the nature and relative importance of IS-BEs as the source
of energy and intelligence which animate every life form.
Although it is not a priority of The Domain to intervene in the affairs of
Earth, The Domain Communications Office has authorized me to provide
you with some information in an effort to provide a more accurate
and complete understanding of these things and thereby enable you to
discover more effective solutions to the unique problems you face on Earth.
The correct information about the origins of biological entities has been
erased from your mind, as well as from the minds of your mentors. In order
to help you regain your own memory, I will share with you some
factual material concerning the origin of biological entities.
I asked Airl if she was referring to the subject of evolution. Airl said, "No,
not exactly".
You will find "evolution" mentioned in the ancient Vedic Hymns. 189
(Footnote) The Vedic texts are like folk tales or common wisdoms and
superstitions gathered throughout the systems of The Domain. These were
compiled into verses, like a book of rhymes. For every statement of
truth, the verses contain as many half-truths, reversals of truth and fanciful
imaginings, blended without qualification or distinction.
The theory of evolution assumes that the motivational source of energy that


--- Page 97 ---
animates every life form does not exist. It assumes that an inanimate object
or a chemical concoction can suddenly become "alive" or animate
accidentally or spontaneously. Or, perhaps an electrical discharge into a pool
of chemical ooze will magically spawn a self-animated entity.
There is no evidence whatsoever that this is true, simply because it is not
true. Dr. Frankenstein did not really resurrect the dead into a marauding
monster, except in the imagination of the IS-BE who wrote a fictitious story
one dark and stormy night. 190 (Footnote)
No Western scientist ever stopped to consider who, what, where, when or
how this animation happens. Complete ignorance, denial or unawareness of
the spirit as the source of life force required to animate inanimate objects or
cellular tissue is the sole cause of failures in Western medicine.
In addition, evolution does not occur accidentally. It requires a great deal of
technology which must be manipulated under the careful supervision of IS-
BEs.
Very simple examples are seen in the modification of farm animals or in the
breeding of dogs. However, the notion that human biological organisms
evolved naturally from earlier ape-like forms is incorrect. No
physical evidence will ever be uncovered to substantiate the notion that
modern humanoid bodies evolved on this planet.
The reason is simple: the idea that human bodies evolved spontaneously
from the primordial ooze of chemical interactivity in the dim mists of time is
nothing more than a hypnotic lie instilled by the amnesia operation to
prevent your recollection of the true origins of Mankind. Factually,
humanoid bodies have existed in various forms throughout the universe for
trillions of years.
This was compounded by the fact that The Vedic Hymns were brought to
Earth 8, 200 years ago by The Domain Expeditionary Force. While they
were based in the Himalaya Mountains, the verses were taught to some
of the local humans who memorized them. However, I should note that this
was not an authorized activity for the crew of The Domain installation,
although I am sure it seemed like an innocent diversion for them at the time.
The verses were passed along verbally from one generation to the next for
thousands of years in the foothills and eventually spread throughout India.
No one in The Domain credits any of the material in the Vedic Hymns as
factual material, any more than you would use "Grimm's Fairy Tales" 191
(Footnote) as a guide for rearing children. However, on a planet where all of
the IS-BEs have had their memory erased, one can understand how these
tales and fantasies could be taken seriously.


--- Page 98 ---
Unfortunately, the humans who learned the Vedic verses passed them along
to others saying that they came from "the gods". Eventually, the content of
the verses were adopted verbatim as "truth". The euphemistic
and metaphorical content of the Veda were accepted and practiced as
dogmatic fact. The philosophy of the verses were ignored and the verses
became the genesis of nearly every religion practice on the planet,
especially Hinduism. 192 (Footnote)
As an officer, pilot and engineer of The Domain, I must always assume a
very pragmatic point of view. I could not be effective or accomplish my
missions if I were to use philosophical dogma or rhetoric as my
operations manual. Therefore, our discussion of history is based on actual
events that occurred long before any IS-BEs arrived on Earth, and long
before the "Old Empire" came into power. I can relate part of this history
from personal experience:
Many billions of years ago I was a member of a very large biological
laboratory in a galaxy far from this one. It was called the "Arcadia
Regeneration Company". 193 (Footnote) I was a biological engineer working
with a large staff of technicians. It was our business to manufacture and
supply new life forms to uninhabited planets. There were millions of star
systems with millions of inhabitable planets in the region at that time.
There were many other biological laboratory companies at that time also.
Each of them specialized in producing different kinds of life forms,
depending on the "class" of the planet being populated. Over a long span of
time these laboratories developed a vast catalogue of species throughout the
galaxies. The majority of basic genetic material is common to all species of
life. 194 (Footnote) Therefore, most of their work was concerned
with manipulating alterations of the basic genetic pattern to produce
variations of life forms that would be suitable inhabitants for various
planetary classes.
The "Arcadia Regeneration Company" specialized in mammals for forested
areas and birds for tropical regions. Our marketing staff negotiated contracts
with various planetary governments and independent buyers from all over
the universe. The technicians created animals that were compatible with the
variations in climate, atmospheric and terrestrial density and chemical
content. In addition we were paid to integrate our specimens with biological
organisms engineered by other companies already living on a planet.
In order to do this our staff was in communication with other companies
who created life forms. There were industry trade shows, publications and a
variety of other information supplied through an association that coordinated
related projects.


--- Page 99 ---
As you can imagine, our research required a great deal of interstellar travel
to conduct planetary surveys.
This is when I learned my skills as a pilot. The data gathered was
accumulated in huge computer databases and evaluated by biological
engineers. 195 (Footnote)
A computer is an electronic device that serves as an artificial "brain" or
complex calculating machine. It is capable of storing information, making
computations, solving problems and performing mechanical functions.
In most of the galactic systems of the universe, very large computers are
commonly used to run the routine administration, mechanical services and
maintenance activities of an entire planet or planetary system.
Based on the survey data gathered, designs and artistic renderings were
made for new creatures. Some designs were sold to the highest bidder. Other
life forms were created to meet the customized requests of our clients.
The design and technical specifications were passed along an assembly line
through a series of cellular, chemical, and mechanical engineers to solve the
various problems. It was their job to integrate all of the component factors
into a workable, functional and aesthetic finished product.
Prototypes of these creatures were then produced and tested in artificially
created environments. Imperfections were worked out, modifications made
and eventually the new life form was "endowed" or "animated with a life
force or spiritual energy before being introduced into the actual planetary
environment for final testing.
After a new life form was introduced, we monitored the interaction of these
biological organisms with the planetary environment and with other
indigenous life-forms. Conflicts resulting from the interaction between
incompatible organisms were resolved through negotiation between
ourselves and other companies. The negotiations usually resulted in
compromises requiring further modification to our creatures or to theirs
or both. This is part of a science or art you call "Eugenics". 196 (Footnote)
In some cases changes were made in the planetary environment, but not
often, as planet building is much more complex than making changes to an
individual life form.
Coincidentally, a friend and engineer with whom I used to work with at the
Arcadia Regeneration Company -- a long time after I left the company --
told me that one of the projects they contracted to do, in more recent times,
was to deliver life forms to Earth to replenish them after a war in this region
of the galaxy devastated most of the life on the planets in this region of


--- Page 100 ---
space. This would have been about seventy million years ago.
The skill required to modify the planet into an ecologically interactive
environment that will support billions of diverse species was an immense
undertaking. Specialized consultants from nearly every
biotechnology company in the galaxy were brought in to help with
the project.
What you see now on Earth is the huge variety of life forms left behind.
Your scientists believe that the fallacious "theory of evolution" is an
explanation for the existence of all the life forms here. The truth is that all
life forms on this and any other planet in this universe were created by
companies like ours.
How else can you explain the millions of completely divergent and
unrelated species of life on the land and in the oceans of this planet? How
else can you explain the source of spiritual animation which defines
every living creature? To say it is the work of "god", is far too broad. Every
IS-BE has many names and faces in many times and places. Every IS-BE is
a god. When they inhabit a physical object they are the source of Life.
For example, there are millions of species 197 (Footnote) of insects. About
350,000 of these are species of beetles. 198 (Footnote) There may be as many
as 100 million species of life forms on Earth at any given time. In
addition, there are many times more extinct species of life on Earth than
there are living life forms. Some of these will be rediscovered in the fossil or
geological records of Earth.
The current "theory of evolution" of life forms on Earth does not consider
the phenomena of biological diversity. Evolution by natural selection is
science fiction. One species does not accidentally, or randomly evolve
to become another species, as the Earth textbooks indicate, without
manipulation of genetic material by an IS-BE. (Footnote)
A simple example of IS-BE intervention is the selective breeding of a
species 200 (Footnote) on Earth. Within the past few hundred years several
hundred dog breeds and hundreds of varieties of pigeons and dozens of Koi
fish have been "evolved" in just a few years, beginning with only one
original breed. Without active intervention by IS-BEs, biological organisms
rarely change.
The development of an animal like the 'duck-billed platypus' required a lot
of very clever engineering to combine the body of a beaver with the bill of a
duck and make a mammal that lays eggs. Undoubtedly, some wealthy client
placed a "special order" for it as a gift or curious amusement. I am sure the
laboratory of some biotechnical company worked on it for years to make it


--- Page 101 ---
a self-replicating life form!
The notion that the creation of any life form could have resulted from a
coincidental chemical interaction moldering up from some primordial ooze
is beyond absurdity! Factually, some organisms on Earth, such
as Proteobacteria, 201 (Footnote) are modifications of a Phylum
202 (Footnote) designed primarily for "Star Type 3, Class C" planets. In other
words, The Domain designation for a planet with an anaerobic atmosphere
nearest a large, intensely hot blue star, 203 (Footnote) such as those in
the constellation of Orion's Belt in this galaxy.
Creating life forms is very complex, highly technical work for IS-BEs who
specialize in this field. Genetic anomalies are very baffling to Earth
biologists who have had their memory erased. Unfortunately, the
false memory implantations of the "Old Empire" prevent Earth scientists
from observing obvious anomalies.
The greatest technical challenge of biological organisms was the invention
of self-regeneration, or sexual reproduction. It was invented as the solution
to the problem of having to continually manufacture replacement creatures
for those that had been destroyed and eaten by other creatures. Planetary
governments did not want to keep buying replacement animals.
The idea was contrived trillions of years ago as a result of a conference held
to resolve arguments between the disputing vested interests within the
biotechnology industry. The infamous "Council of Yuhmi-Krum"
was responsible for coordinating creature production.
204 (Footnote)
A compromise was reached, after certain members of the Council were
strategically bribed or murdered, to author an agreement which resulted in
the biological phenomenon which we now call the "food chain".
The idea that a creature would need to consume the body of another life
form as an energy source was offered as a solution by one of the biggest
companies in the biological engineering business. They specialized
in creating insects and flowering plants.
The connection between the two is obvious. Nearly every flowering plant
requires a symbiotic relationship with an insect in order to propagate. The
reason is obvious: both the bugs and the flowers were created by the
same company. Unfortunately, this same company also had a division which
created parasites and bacteria.
The name of the company roughly translated into English would be "Bugs &
Blossoms". They wanted to justify the fact that the only valid purpose of the


--- Page 102 ---
parasitic creatures they manufactured was to aid the decomposition of
organic material. There was a very limited market for such creatures at that
time.
In order to expand their business they hired a big public relations firm and a
powerful group of political lobbyists to glorify the idea that life forms
should feed from other life forms. They invented a "scientific theory" to use
as a promotion gimmick. The theory was that all creatures needed to have
"food" as a source of energy. Before that, none of the life forms
being manufactured required any external energy. Animals did not eat other
animals for food, but consumed sunlight, minerals or vegetable matter only.
Of course, "Bugs & Blossoms" went into the business of designing and
manufacturing carnivores. Before long, so many animals were being eaten
as food that the problem of replenishing them became very difficult. As a
'solution', "Bugs & Blossoms" proposed, with the help of some strategically
placed bribes in high places, that other companies begin using 'sexual
reproduction' as the basis for replenishing life-forms. "Bugs &
Blossoms" was the first company to develop blueprints for
sexual reproduction, of course.
As expected, the patent licenses for the biological engineering process 205
(Footnote) required to implant stimulus-response mating, cellular division
and preprogrammed growth patterns for self-regenerating animals were
owned by "Bugs & Blossoms" too.
Through the next few million years laws were passed that required that these
programs be purchased by the other biological technology companies. These
were required to be imprinted into the cellular design of all existing life-
forms. It became a very expensive undertaking for other biotechnology
companies to make such an awkward, and impractical idea work.
This led to the corruption and downfall of the entire industry. Ultimately, the
'food and sex' idea completely ruined the bio-technology industry,
including "Bugs & Blossoms". The entire industry faded away as the market
for manufactured life forms disappeared. Consequently, when a species
became extinct, there is no way to replace them because the technology of
creating new life forms has been lost. Obviously, none of this technology
was ever known on Earth, and probably never will be.
There are still computer files on some planets far from here which record the
procedures for biological engineering. Possibly the laboratories and
computers still exist somewhere. However, there is no one around doing
anything with them. Therefore, you can understand why it is so important
for The Domain to protect the dwindling number of creatures left on Earth.


--- Page 103 ---
The core concept behind 'sexual reproduction' technology was the invention
of a chemical/electronic interaction called "cyclical stimulus-response
generators". 206 (Footnote) This is an programmed genetic mechanism
which causes a seemingly spontaneous, recurring impulse to reproduce.
The same technique was later adapted and applied to biological flesh bodies,
including Homo Sapiens.
Another important mechanism used in the reproductive process, especially
with Homo Sapiens type bodies, is the implantation of a "chemical-electrical
trigger" mechanism 207 (Footnote) in the body. The "trigger" which attracts
IS-BEs to inhabit a human body, or any kind of "flesh body", is the use of an
artificially imprinted electronic wave which uses "aesthetic pain" to
attract the IS-BE.
Every trap in the universe, including those used to capture IS-BEs who
remain free, is "baited" with an aesthetic electronic wave. The sensations
caused by the aesthetic wavelength are more attractive to an IS-BE than any
other sensation. When the electronic waves of pain and beauty are combined
together, this causes the IS-BE to get "stuck" in the body.
The "reproductive trigger" used for lesser life forms, such as cattle and other
mammals, is triggered by chemicals emitted from the scent glands,
combined with reproductive chemical-electrical impulses stimulated
by testosterone, or estrogen. 208 (Footnote)
These are also interactive with nutrition levels which cause the life form to
reproduce more when deprived of food sources. Starvation promoted
reproductive activity as a means of perpetuating survival through
future regenerations, when the current organism fails to survive. These
fundamental principles have been applied throughout all species of life.
The debilitating impact and addiction to the "sexual aesthetic-pain"
electronic wave 209 (Footnote) is the reason that the ruling class of The
Domain do not inhabit flesh bodies. This is also why officers of The Domain
Forces only use doll bodies. This wave has proven to be the most effective
trapping device ever created in the history of the universe, as far as I know.
The civilizations of The Domain and the "Old Empire" both depend on this
device to "recruit" and maintain a work force of IS-BEs who inhabit flesh
bodies on planets and installations. These IS-BEs are the "working
class" beings who do all of the slavish, manual, undesirable work on planets.
As I mentioned, there is a very highly regimented and fixed hierarchy or
"class system" for all IS-BEs throughout the "Old Empire", and The
Domain, as follows:


--- Page 104 ---
The highest class are "free" IS-BEs. That is, they are not restricted to the use
of any type of body and may come and go at will, provided that they do not
destroy or interfere with the social, economic or political structure.
Below this class are many strata of "limited" IS-BEs who may or may not
use a body from time to time.
Limitations are imposed on each IS-BE regarding range of power, ability
and mobility they can exercise.
Below these are the "doll body" classes, to which I belong. Nearly all space
officers and crew members of space craft are required to travel through
intergalactic space. Therefore, they are each equipped with a
body manufactured from light weight, durable materials. Various body types
have been designed to facilitate specialized functions. Some bodies have
accessories, such as interchangeable tools or apparatus for activities such as
maintenance, mining, chemical management, navigation, and so forth. There
are many gradations of this body type which also serve as an "insignia" of
rank.
Below these are the soldier class. The soldiers are equipped with a myriad of
weapons, and specialized armaments designed to detect, combat and
overwhelm any imaginable foe. Some soldiers are issued mechanical bodies.
Most soldiers are merely remote controlled robots with no class designation.
The lower classes are limited to "flesh bodies". Of course, it is not possible
for these to travel through space for obvious reasons. Fundamentally, flesh
bodies are far too fragile to endure the stresses of gravity, temperature
extremes, radiation exposure, atmospheric chemicals and the vacuum of
space. There are also the obvious logistical inconveniences of food,
defecation, sleep, atmospheric elements, and air pressure required by flesh
bodies, that doll bodies do not require.
Most flesh bodies will suffocate in only a few minutes without a specific
combination of atmospheric chemicals.
After 2 or 3 days the bacteria which live internally and externally on the
body cause severe odors to be emitted. Odors of any kind are not acceptable
in a space vessel.
Flesh can tolerate only a very limited spectrum of temperatures, whereas in
space the contrast of temperatures may vary hundreds of degrees
within seconds. Of course flesh bodies are utterly useless for military duty.
A single shot from a hand-held, electronic blast gun instantly turns a flesh
body into a noxious vapor cloud.
IS-BEs who inhabit flesh bodies have lost much of their native ability and
power. Although it is theoretically possible to regain or rehabilitate these


--- Page 105 ---
abilities, no practical means has been discovered or authorized by
The Domain.
Even though space craft of The Domain travel trillions of "light years" in a
single day, 210 (Footnote) the time required to traverse the space between
galaxies is significant, not to mention the length of time to complete just one
set of mission orders, which may require thousands of years. Biological
flesh bodies live for only a very short time -- only 60 to 150 years, at most --
whereas doll bodies can be re-used and repaired almost indefinitely.
The first development of biological bodies began in this universe about
seventy-four trillion years ago. It rapidly became a fad for IS-BEs to create
and inhabit various types of bodies for an assortment of nefarious reasons:
   especially for amusement, this is to experience various physical
sensations vicariously through the body.
Since that time there has been a continuing "deevolution" in the relationship
of IS-BEs to bodies. As IS-BEs continued to play around with these
bodies, certain tricks were introduced to cause IS-BEs to get trapped inside a
body so they were unable to leave again.
This was done primarily by making bodies that appeared sturdy, but were
actually very fragile. An IS-BE, using their natural power to create energy,
accidentally injured a body when contacting it. The IS-BE was remorseful
about having injured this fragile body. The next time they encountered a
body they began to be "careful" with them. In so doing, the IS-BE
would withdraw or minimize their own power so as not to injure the body. A
very long and treacherous history of this kind of trickery, combined with
similar misadventures eventually resulted in a large number of IS-BEs
becoming permanently trapped in bodies.
Of course this became a profitable enterprise for some IS-BEs who took
advantage of this situation to make slaves of others. The resulting
enslavement progressed over trillions of years, and continues today.
Ultimately the dwindling ability of IS-BEs to maintain a personal state of
operational freedom and ability to create energy resulted in the vast and
carefully guarded hierarchy or class system. Using bodies as a symbol
of each class is used throughout the "Old Empire", as well as The Domain.
The vast majority of IS-BEs throughout the galaxies of this universe inhabit
some form of flesh body. The structure, appearance, operation and habitat of
these bodies vary according to the gravity, atmosphere, and climatic
conditions of the planet they inhabit. Body types are predetermined largely
by the type and size of the star around which the planet revolves, the
distance from the star, the geological, as well as the atmospheric


--- Page 106 ---
components of the planet.
On the average, these stars and planets fall into gradients of classification
which are fairly standard throughout the universe. For example, Earth
is identified, roughly, as a "Sun Type 12, Class 7 planet". That is a heavy
gravity, nitrogen/oxygen atmosphere planet, 211 (Footnote) with biological
life-forms, in proximity to a single, yellow, medium-size, low-radiation sun
or "Type 12 star". The proper designations are difficult to translate
accurately due to the extreme limitations of astronomical nomenclature in
the English language.
There are as many varieties of life forms as there are grains of sands on the
beach. You can imagine how many different creatures and types of bodies
have been manufactured by the millions of companies such as "Bugs &
Blossoms" for all of the myriad planetary systems during the course of
seventy-four trillion years! "
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"When Airl finished telling me this "story", there was a long, silent pause
while I muddled through all this in my mind. Had Airl been reading science
fiction books and fantasy stories during the night? Why would she tell me
something so incredibly far-fetched? If there had not been a 40 inch tall
alien, with gray "skin", and three fingers on each hand and foot sitting
directly across from me, I would not have believed a single word of it!
In retrospect, over the 60 years since Airl gave me this information, Earth
doctors have begun to develop some of the biological engineering
technology that Airl told me about right here on Earth. Heart bypasses,
cloning, test tube babies, organ transplants, plastic surgery, genes,
chromosomes, and so forth.
One thing is very sure: I have never looked at a bug or flower the same way
since then, not to mention my religious belief in Genesis. "


--- Page 107 ---
Chapter Eleven A Lesson In Science
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"The transcript of this interview is verbatim. There is nothing more I can
add to it. It says everything".
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 29. 7. 1947, 1st
Session
"Today Airl told me about some very technical things. I took a few notes to
remind myself, so I can repeat what she said as closely as possible. She
began with an analogy about scientific knowledge:
Can you imagine how much progress could have been made on Earth if
people like Johannes Gutenberg 212 (Footnote), Sir Isaac Newton, Benjamin
Franklin, George Washington Carver, 213 (Footnote) Nicola Tesla, Jonas
Salk, 214 (Footnote) and Richard Trevithick, 215 (Footnote) and many
thousands of similar geniuses and inventors were living today?
Image what technical accomplishments might have been developed if men
like these never died? What if they were never given amnesia and made to
forget everything they knew? What if they continued to learn and
work forever?
What level of technology and civilization could be attained if Immortal
Spiritual Beings like these were allowed to continue to create -- in the same
place and at the same time -- for billions or trillions of years?
Essentially, The Domain is one civilization that has existed for trillions of
years with relatively uninterrupted progress. Knowledge has been
accumulated, refined, and improved upon in nearly every field of study
imaginable -- and beyond imagining.
Originally, the interaction of IS-BE illusions or inventions created the very
fabric of the physical universe -- the microcosm and the macrocosm.
Every single particle of the universe has been imagined and brought into


--- Page 108 ---
existence by an IS-BE. Everything created from an idea -- a thought with no
weight or size or location in space.
Every speck of dust in space, from the size of the tiniest subatomic particle,
to the size of a sun or a magelantic cloud the size of many galaxies, was
created from the nothingness of a thought. Even the tiniest, individual cells
were contrived and coordinated to enable a microbial entity to sense, and
navigate through infinitesimally small spaces. These also came from an idea
thought up by an IS-BE.
You, and every IS-BE on Earth, have participated in the creation of this
universe. Even though you are now confined to a fragile body made of flesh;
you live for only 65 short rotations of your planet around a star; you have
been given overwhelming electric shock treatments to wipe out your
memory; you must learn everything all over again each lifetime; in spite of
all these circumstances, you are who you are and will always be. And, deep
down, you still know that your are and what you know. You are still the
essence of you.
How else can one understand the child prodigy? An IS-BE who plays
concertos on a piano at three years of age, without formal training?
Impossible, if they did not simply remember what they have already learned
from thousands of lives spent in front of a keyboard in times untold, or on
planets far away. They may not know how they know. They just know.
Humankind has developed more technology in the past 100 years than in the
previous 2,000 years. Why? The answer is simple:    the influence of the
"Old Empire" over the mind and over the affairs of Mankind has been
diminished by The Domain.
A renaissance 216 (Footnote) of invention on Earth began in 1, 250 AD with
the destruction of the "Old Empire" space fleet in the solar system. During
the next 500 years, Earth may have the potential to regain autonomy
and independence, but only to the degree that humankind can apply the
concentrated genius of the IS-BEs on Earth to solve the amnesia problem.
However, on a cautionary note, the inventive potential of the IS-BEs who
have been exiled to this planet is severely compromised by the criminal
elements of the Earth population. Specifically, politicians, warmongers and
irresponsible physicists who create unlimited weapons such as nuclear
bombs, chemicals, diseases and social chaos. These have the potential
to extinguish all life forms on Earth, forever.
Even the relatively small explosions that were tested and used in the past
two years on Earth have the potential to destroy all of life, if deployed
in sufficient quantities. Larger weapons could consume all of the oxygen in


--- Page 109 ---
the global atmosphere in a single explosion! 217 (Footnote)
Therefore, the most fundamental problems that must be solved in order to
ensure that Earth will not be destroyed by technology, are social and
humanitarian problems. The greatest scientific minds of Earth, in spite of
mathematical or mechanical genius, have never addressed these problems.
Therefore, do not look to scientists to save Earth or the future of humanity.
Any so-called "science" that is solely based on the paradigm 218 (Footnote)
that existence is composed only of energy and objects moving through
space is not a science. Such beings utterly ignore the creative spark
originated by an individual IS-BE and collective work of the IS-BEs who
continually create the physical universe and all universes. Every science
will remain relatively ineffective or destructive to the degree that it omits or
devaluates the relative importance of the spiritual spark that ignites all
of creation and life.
Unfortunately this ignorance has been very carefully and forcefully instilled
in human beings by the "Old Empire" to ensure that IS-BEs on this planet
will not be able to recover their innate ability to create space, energy, matter
and time, or any other component part of universes. As long as awareness of
the immortal, powerful, spiritual "self" is ignored, humanity will remain
imprisoned until the day of its own, selfdestruction and oblivion.
Do not rely on the dogma of physical sciences to master the fundamental
forces of creation any more than you would trust the chanted incantations of
an incenseburning shaman. The net result of both of these is entrapment and
oblivion. Scientists pretend to observe, but they only suppose that they see,
and call it fact. Like the blind man, a scientist can not learn to see until he
realizes that he is blind. The "facts" of Earth science do not include the
source of creation.
They include only the result, or byproducts of creation. The "facts" of
science to not include any memory of the nearly infinite past experience of
existence.
The essence of creation and existence cannot be found through the lens of a
microscope or telescope or by any other measurement of the physical
universe. One cannot comprehend the perfume of a flower or the pain felt
by an abandoned lover with meters and calipers.
Everything you will ever know about the creative force and ability of a god
can be found within you -- an Immortal Spiritual Being.
How can a blind man teach others to see the nearly infinite gradients that
comprise the spectrum of light? The notion that one can understand the
universe without understanding the nature of an IS-BE is as absurd


--- Page 110 ---
as conceiving that an artist is a speck of paint on his own canvas. Or, that the
lace on a ballet shoe is the choreographer's vision, or the grace of a dancer,
or the electric excitement of opening night.
Study of the spirit has been booby-trapped by the thought control operation
through religious superstitions they instill in the minds of men. Conversely,
the study of the spirit and the mind have been prohibited by science which
eliminates anything that is not measurable in the physical universe.
Science is the religion of matter. It worships matter.
The paradigm of science is that creation is all, and the creator is nothing.
Religion says the creator is all, and the creation is nothing. These two
extremes are the bars of a prison cell. They prevent observation of
all phenomenon as an interactive whole.
Study of creation without knowing the IS-BE, the source of creation, is
futile. When you sail to the edge of a universe conceived by science, you fall
off the end into an abyss of dark, dispassionate space and
lifeless, unrelenting force. On Earth, you have been convinced that the
oceans of the mind and spirit are filled with gruesome, ghoulish monsters
that will eat you alive if you dare to venture beyond the breakwater
of superstition.
The vested interest of the "Old Empire" prison system is to prevent you from
looking at your own soul. They fear that you will see in your own memory
the slave masters who keep you imprisoned. The prison is made of
shadows in your mind. The shadows are made of lies, and pain, and loss,
and fear.
The true geniuses of civilization are those IS-BEs who will enable other IS-
BEs to recover their memory and regain self-realization and self-
determination. This issue is not solved through enforcing moral
regulation on behavior, or through the control of beings through mystery,
faith, drugs, guns or any other dogma of a slave society. And certainly not
through the use of electric shock and hypnotic commands!
The survival of Earth and every being on it depends on the ability to recover
the memory of skills you have accrued through the trillenia; to recover the
essence of yourself. Such an art, science, or technology has never been
conceived in the "Old Empire". Otherwise, they would not have resorted to
the "solution" that brought you to your current condition on Earth.
Neither has such technology ever been developed by The Domain. Until
recently, the necessity of rehabilitating an IS-BE with amnesia has not been
needed. Therefore, no one has ever worked on solving this problem. So
far, unfortunately, The Domain has no solution to offer.


--- Page 111 ---
A few officers of The Domain Expeditionary Force have taken it upon
themselves to provide technology to Earth during their off duty time. These
officers leave their "doll" at the space station and, as an IS-BE, assume
or take over a biological body on Earth. In some cases an officer can remain
on duty while they inhabit and control other bodies at the same time.
This is a very dangerous and adventurous undertaking.
It requires a very able IS-BE to accomplish such a mission, and return to
base successfully. One officer who did this recently, while continuing to
attend to his official duties, was known on Earth as the electronics inventor,
Nicola Tesla. 219 (Footnote)
It is my intention, although is not a part of my mission orders, to assist you
in your efforts to advance scientific and humanitarian progress on Earth.
My intention is to help other IS-BEs to help themselves. In order to solve
the amnesia problem on Earth you will need much more advanced
technology, as well as social stability to allow enough time for research
and development of techniques to free the IS-BE from the body, and to free
the mind of the IS-BE from amnesia.
Although The Domain has a long term interest in maintaining Earth as a
useful planet, it has no particular interest in the human population of
Earth, other than its own personnel here. We are interested in preventing
destruction, as well as accelerating the development of technologies that will
sustain the infrastructures of the global biosphere, hydrosphere
and atmosphere.
To this end, you will discover, on very careful and thorough examination,
that my space craft contains a wide assortment of technology that does not
yet exist on Earth. If you distribute pieces of this craft to various scientists
for study, they will be able to reverse engineer 220 (Footnote) some of the
technology to the extent that Earth has the raw materials required
to replicate these components.
Some features will be indecipherable. Other features cannot be duplicated as
Earth does not have the natural resources required to replicate them. This
is especially true of the metals used to construct the craft. Not only do these
metals not exist on Earth, the refining process required to produce these
metals took billions of years to develop.
It is also true of the navigation system which requires an IS-BE whose own
personal wavelength has been specifically attuned to the "neural network" of
the craft. 221 (Footnote) The pilot of the craft must possess a very high order
of energy volition, discipline, training and intelligence to manipulate such a
craft. IS-BEs on Earth are incapable of this expertise because it requires the


--- Page 112 ---
use of an artificial body specifically created for this purpose.
Certain individual Earth scientists, some of whom are among the most
brilliant minds in the history of the universe, will have their memory of this
technology jogged when they examine the craft components. Just as some of
the scientists and physicists on Earth have been able to "remember" how to
recreate electric generators, internal combustion and steam locomotion,
refrigeration, aircraft, antibiotics, and other tools of your civilization, they
will also rediscover other vital technology in my craft.
The following are the specific systems embodied in my craft that contain
useful components:
1)    There is an assortment of microscopic wiring or fibers 222 (Footnote)
within the walls of the craft that control such things as communications,
information storage, computer function, and automatic navigation.
2)    The same wiring is used for light, sub-light and ultra-light spectrum
detection and vision. 223 (Footnote)
3)    The fabrics of the interior of the craft 224 (Footnote) are far superior to
any on Earth at this time and have hundreds or thousands of applications.
4)    You will also find mechanisms for creating, amplifying and channeling
light particles or waves as a form of energy. 225 (Footnote)
As an officer, pilot and engineer of The Domain Forces,
I am not at liberty to discuss or convey the detailed operation or construction
of the craft in any way, other than what I have just disclosed. However, I
am confident that there are many competent engineers on Earth who will
develop useful technology with these resources.
I am providing these details to you in the hope that the greater good of The
Domain will be served. "


--- Page 113 ---
Chapter Twelve A Lesson In Immortality
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"I think the following transcript is pretty much self-
explanatory. "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 30. 7. 1947, 1st
Session
Immortal Spiritual Beings, which I refer to as "IS-BEs", for the sake of
convenience, are the source and creators of illusions. Each one, individually
and collectively, in their original, unfettered state of being, are an eternal,
all-powerful, all-knowing entity.
IS-BEs create space by imagining a location. The intervening distance
between themselves and the imagined location is what we call space. An IS-
BE can perceive the space and objects created by other IS-BEs.
IS-BEs are not physical universe entities. They are a source of energy and
illusion. IS-BEs are not located in space or time, but can create space, place
particles in space, create energy, and shape particles into various forms,
cause the motion of forms, and animate forms. Any form that is animated by
an IS-BE is called life.
An IS-BE can decide to agree that they are located in space or time, and that
they, themselves, are an object, or any other manner of illusion created by
themselves or another or other IS-BEs.
The disadvantage of creating an illusion is that an illusion must be
continually created. If not continually created, it disappears. Continual
creation of an illusion requires incessant attention to every detail of the
illusion in order to sustain it.
A common denominator of IS-BEs seems to be the desire to avoid boredom.
A spirit only, without interaction with other IS-BEs, and the unpredictable


--- Page 114 ---
motion, drama, and unanticipated intentions and illusions being created
by other IS-BEs, is easily bored.
What if you could imagine anything, perceive everything, and cause
anything to happen, at will? What if you couldn't do anything else? What if
you always knew the outcome of every game and the answer to every
question? Would you get bored?
The entire back time track of IS-BEs is immeasurable, nearly infinite in
terms of physical universe time.
There is no measurable "beginning" or "end" for an IS-BE. They simply
exist in an everlasting now.
Another common denominator of IS-BEs is that admiration of one's own
illusions by others is very desirable. If the desired admiration is not
forthcoming, the IS-BE will keep creating the illusion in an attempt to
get admiration. One could say that the entire physical universe is made of
unadmired illusions.
The origins of this universe began with the creation of individual, illusionary
spaces. These were the "home" of the IS-BE. Sometimes a universe is a
collaborative creation of illusions by two or more IS-BEs. A proliferation of
IS-BEs, and the universes they create, sometimes collide or become
commingled or merge to an extent that many IS-BEs shared in the co-
creation of a universe.
IS-BEs diminish their ability in order to have a game to play. IS-BEs think
that any game is better than no game. They will endure pain, suffering,
stupidity, privation, and all manner of unnecessary and
undesirable conditions, just to play a game. Pretending that one does not
know all, see all and cause all, is a way to create the conditions necessary
for playing a game: unknowns, freedoms, barriers and/or opponents and
goals. Ultimately, playing a game solves the problem of boredom.
In this fashion, all of the space, galaxies, suns, planets, and physical
phenomena of this universe, including life forms, places, and events that
have been created by IS-BEs and sustained by mutual agreement that these
things exist.
There are as many universes as there are IS-BEs to imagine, build and
perceive them, each existing concurrently within its own continuum. 226
(Footnote) Each universe is created using its own, unique set of rules, as
imagined, altered, preserved or destroyed by one or more IS-BEs who
created it. Time, energy, objects and space, as defined in terms of the
physical universe, may or may not exist in other universes. The Domain
exists in such a universe, as well as in the physical universe.


--- Page 115 ---
One of the rules of the physical universe is that energy can be created, but
not destroyed. So, the universe will keep expanding as long as IS-BEs keep
adding more new energy into it. It is nearly infinite. It is like an automobile
assembly line that never stops running and none of the cars are ever
destroyed.
Every IS-BE is basically good. Therefore, an IS-BE does not enjoy doing
things to other IS-BEs which they themselves do not want to experience. For
an IS-BE there is no inherent standard for what is good or bad, right or
wrong, ugly or beautiful. These ideas are all based on the opinion of each
individual IS-BE.
The closest concept that human beings have to describe an IS-BE is as a
god:     all-knowing, all-powerful, infinite. So, how does a god stop being a
god? They pretend NOT to know. How can you play a game of "hide and
seek" if you always know where the other person is hiding?
You pretend NOT to know where the other players are hiding, so you can go
off to "seek" them. This is how games are created. You have forgotten that
you are just "pretending". In so doing, IS-BEs become entrapped
and enslaved inside a maze of their own devising.
How does one create a cage, lock one's own self inside the cage, throw away
the key, and forget there is a key or a cage, and forget there is an "inside" or
"outside", and even forget there is a self? Create the illusion that there is no
illusion: the entire universe is real, and that no other universe exists or can
be created.
On Earth, the propaganda taught and agreed upon is that the gods are
responsible, and that human beings are not responsible. You are taught that
only a god can create universes. So, the responsibility for every action is
assigned to another IS-BE or god. Never oneself.
No human being ever assumes personal responsibility for the fact that they,
themselves -- individually and collectively -- are gods. This fact alone is the
source of entrapment for every IS-BE.


--- Page 116 ---
Chapter Thirteen A Lesson In The Future
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"I think this transcript speaks for itself also. I relayed Aid's exact
communication as faithfully as possible. My superior officers became very
alarmed about the possible military implications of what Airl said in this
interview. "
(OFFICIAL TRANSCRIPT OF INTERVIEW)
TOP SECRET
Official Transcript of the U. S. Army Air Force Roswell Army Air Field,
509th Bomb Group SUBJECT: ALIEN INTERVIEW, 31. 7. 1947, 1st
Session
" 'It is my personal belief that the truth should not be sacrificed on the altar
of political, religious or economic expediency. 227 (Footnote) As an officer,
pilot and engineer of The Domain it is my duty to protect the greater good of
The Domain and its possessions. However, we cannot defend ourselves
against forces of which we are not aware.
The isolation of Earth from the rest of civilization prevents me from
discussing many subjects with you at this time. Security and protocol
prevent me from revealing any but the broadest, general statements
about the plans and activities of The Domain. However, I can give you some
information that you may find useful.
I must return to my assigned duties on the "space station" now. I have
provided as much help as I feel ethically able to offer, given the
requirements and constraints of my duties as an officer, pilot and engineer of
The Domain Forces. Therefore, I will depart, as an IS-BE, from Earth within
the next 24 hours. '
(EDITOR'S NOTE: The following several paragraphs appear to be
personal comments made by Matilda to the stenographer regarding her
interview with Airl. )
What this means is that Airl will leave her "doll" with us, as her craft is
damaged beyond repair. We can examine, dissect and study the body at our


--- Page 117 ---
leisure. She does not have any further use for it, nor does she have any
personal feelings or attachments to it as others are readily available for her
use.
Airl does not recommend that there is any technology in the body that Earth
scientists will find useful, however. The technology of the body is simple,
yet vastly beyond the reckoning of our current ability to analyze or reverse
engineer any facet of it. The body is neither biological or mechanical, but a
unique fabrication a materials and ancient technologies not found on any
Earth-type planet.
As Airl mentioned previously, a very rigid and distinctive hierarchy of
social, economic and cultural classes exists throughout The Domain which
has remained unvaried and inviolate for many millennia. The body type and
function assigned to an IS-BE officer varies specifically according to the
rank, class, longevity, training level, command level, service record,
and meritorious citations earned by each individual IS-BE, as with any other
military insignia.
The body used by Airl is specifically designed for an officer, pilot and
engineer of her rank and class. The bodies of her companions, which were
destroyed in the crash, were not of the same rank or class, but of a junior
rank. Therefore, the appearance, features, composition and functionality of
those bodies were specialized, and limited to the requirements of
their duties.
The junior officers whose bodies were damaged in the crash have left their
bodies and returned to their duties on the space station. The damage suffered
by their bodies was due primarily to the fact that they were officers of lower
rank. They used bodies which were partially biological and therefore far less
durable and resilient than hers.
(EDITOR'S NOTE: At this point, the transcript appears to resume with
statements made by Airl. )
Although The Domain will not hesitate to destroy any active vestiges of the
"Old Empire" operations where ever they are discovered this is not our
primary mission in this galaxy. I am sure that the "Old Empire" mind-
control mechanisms can be deactivated and destroyed eventually. However,
it is not possible to estimate how long this make take, as we do not
understand the extent of this operation at this time.
We do know that the "Old Empire" force screen is vast enough to cover this
end of the galaxy, at least. We also know from experience that each force
generator and trapping device is very difficult to detect, locate and destroy.
Also, it is not the current mission of The Domain Expeditionary Force to
commit resources to this endeavor.


--- Page 118 ---
The eventual destruction of these devices may make it possible for your
memory to be restored, simply by virtue of not having it erased after each
lifetime. Fortunately, the memory of an IS-BE cannot be permanently
erased.
There are many other active space civilizations who maintain various
nefarious operations in this area, not the least of which is dumping unwanted
IS-BEs on Earth. None of these craft are hostile or in violent opposition to
The Domain Forces. They know better than to challenge us!
For the most part The Domain ignores Earth and its inhabitants, except to
ensure that the resources of the planet itself are not permanently spoiled.
This sector of the galaxy was annexed by The Domain and is the possession
of The Domain, to do with or dispose of as it deems best. The moon of Earth
and the asteroid belt have become a permanent base of operations for
The Domain Forces.
Needless to say, any attempt by humans or others to interfere in the
activities of The Domain in this solar system -- even if it were possible,
which it definitely is not -- will be terminated swiftly. This is not a serious
concern, as I mentioned earlier, since homo sapiens cannot operate in open
space.
Of course we will continue with the next steps of The Domain Expansion
Plan which has remained on schedule for billions of years. Over the next
5,000 years there will be increasing traffic and activity of The Domain
Forces as we progress toward the center of this galaxy and beyond to spread
our civilization through the universe.
If humanity is to survive, it must cooperate to find effective solutions to the
difficult conditions of your existence on Earth. Humanity must rise above its
human form and discover where they are, and that they are IS-BEs, and who
they really are as IS-BEs in order to transcend the notion that they are
merely biological bodies. Once these realizations have been made, it may be
possible to escape your current imprisonment. Otherwise, there will be no
future for the IS-BEs on Earth.
Although there are no active battles or war being waged between The
Domain and the "Old Empire", there still exists the covert actions of the
"Old Empire" taken against Earth through their thought control operation.
When one knows that these activities exist, the effects can be observed
clearly. The most obvious examples of these actions against the human race
can be seen as incidents of sudden, inexplicable behavior. A very recent
instance of this occurred in the United States military just before the
Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor. 228 (Footnote)


--- Page 119 ---
Just three days before the attack, someone in authority ordered all the ships
in Pearl Harbor to go into port and secure for inspection. The ships were
ordered to take all the ammunition out of their magazines, and store it
below. On the afternoon before attack all of the admirals and generals were
attending parties, even though two Japanese aircraft carriers were
discovered standing right off Pearl Harbor.
The obvious action to take would have been to contact Pearl Harbor by
telephone to warn them of the danger of a fight starting and to put the
ammunition back and order the ships to get out of port into open sea.
About six hours before the Japanese attack began, a U. S. navy ship sank a
small Japanese submarine right outside the harbor. Instead of contacting
Pearl Harbor by telephone to report the incident, a warning message was put
into top secret code, which took about two hours to encode, and then it took
another two hours to decode.
The word of warning to Pearl Harbor did not arrive until 10: 00 AM Pearl
Harbor time, Sunday -- two hours after the Japanese attack destroyed the U.
S. fleet.
How do things like this happen?
If the men who were responsible for these obviously disastrous errors were
stood up and asked bluntly to justify their actions and intentions you would
find out that they were quite sincere in their jobs. Ordinarily, they do the
very best they can do for people and nations. However, all of a sudden, from
some completely unknown and undetectable source enters these wild,
unexplainable situations that just 'can't exist'.
The "Old Empire" thought control operation is run by a small group of old
"baboons" with very small minds.
They are playing insidious games with no purpose and no goal other than to
control and destroy IS-BEs who could otherwise manage themselves
perfectly well, if left alone.
These types of artificially created incidents are being forced upon the human
race by the operators of the mind-control prison system. The prison guards
will always promote and support oppressive or totalitarian activities of IS-
BEs on Earth. Why not keep the inmates fighting between themselves? Why
not empower madmen to run the governments of Earth? The men who run
the criminal governments of Earth mirror the commands given them by
covert thought-controllers of the "Old Empire".
The human race will continue to shadow box with this for a long time -- as
long as it remains the human race. Until then, the IS-BEs on Earth will
continue to live a series of consecutive lives, over and over and over.


--- Page 120 ---
The same IS-BEs who lived during the rise and fall of civilizations in India,
China, Mesepotamia, Greece, and Rome are inhabiting bodies in the present
time in America, France, Russia, Africa, and around the world.
In between each lifetime an IS-BE is sent back again, to begin all over, as
though the new life was the only life they had ever lived. They begin anew
in pain, in misery, and mystery.
Some IS-BEs have been transported to Earth more recently than others.
Some IS-BEs have been on Earth only a few hundred years, so they have no
personal experiences with the earlier civilizations of Earth. They have
no experiences of having lived on Earth, so could not remember a previous
existence here, even if their memory was restored. They might, however,
remember lives they lived elsewhere on other planets and in other times.
Others have been here since the first days of Lemuria.
In any case, the IS-BEs of Earth are here forever, until they can break the
amnesia cycle, conquer the electronic traps set up by their captors and free
themselves.
Because The Domain has three thousand of their own IS-BEs in captivity on
Earth also, they have an interest in solving this problem. This problem has
never been encountered or effectively solved before in the universe, as far as
they know. They will continue their efforts to free those IS-BEs from Earth,
where and when it is possible, but it will require time to develop
an unprecedented technology and the diligence to do so. '
(EDITOR’S NOTE: The following statement is a comment by Matilda. )
I think it is Airl's sincere desire, as one IS-BE to another, that the rest of our
eternity will be as pleasant as possible. "


--- Page 121 ---
Chapter Fourteen Airl Reviews The
Interview Transcripts
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY PERSONAL NOTE)
"Shortly after I finished recounting the previous interview with Airl to the
stenographer, I was summoned urgently to the office of the Commanding
Officer of the base. I was escorted by four heavily armed military
policemen. When I arrived, I was asked to be seated in a very large, make-
shift office that had been arranged with a conference table and chairs. In the
office were several dignitaries I had seen at various times in "the gallery". I
recognized a few of them because they were famous men.
I was introduced to these men, which included:
Army Air Force Secretary Symington, 229 (Footnote) General Nathan
Twining, 230 (Footnote) General Jimmy Doolittle, 231 (Footnote) General
Vandenberg, 232 (Footnote) and General Norstad. 233 (Footnote)
Much to my surprise Charles Lindbergh 234 (Footnote) was also in the
office. Secretary Symington explained to me that Mr. Lindberg was there as
a consultant to the chief of staff of the U. S. Air Force. There were several
other men present in the room who were not introduced. I assume these men
were personal aides to the officers or agents of some intelligence service.
All of this sudden attention, not only from the Secretary and generals, but
from such world famous people as Mr. Lindbergh, and General Doolittle,
made me realize how critically important my role as an "interpreter" for Airl
was, as seen through the eyes of others. Until this time I was not really
aware of this except in an peripheral sense. I suppose this was because I was
so absorbed in details of the extraordinary situation. Suddenly, I began to
grasp the magnitude of my role. I think that the presence of these men in that
meeting was intended, in part, to impress me with this fact!
The Secretary instructed me not to be nervous. He said that I was not in any
trouble. He asked me if I thought the alien would be willing to answer a list
of questions they had prepared. He explained that they were very eager to
discover many more details about Airl, the flying disc, The Domain, and
many other subjects that Airl had disclosed in the interview transcripts. Of
course, they were mainly interested in questions relating to the military
security and the construction of the flying disc.
I told them that I was very sure that Airl had not changed her mind about


--- Page 122 ---
answering questions, as nothing had changed that would cause her to trust
the intentions of the men in the gallery. I repeated that Airl had
communicated everything that she was willing and at liberty to discuss
already.
In spite of this, they insisted that I would ask Airl again if she would answer
questions. And, if the answer was still "NO", I was to ask her if she would
be willing to read the written copies of the transcripts of my interview
"translations". They wanted to know if Airl would verify that my
understanding and translation of our interviews was correct.
Since Airl could read English very fluently, the Secretary asked if they
could be allowed to observe for themselves while Airl read the transcripts,
and verify that they were correct in writing. They wanted her to write on a
copy of the transcript whether the "translations" were correct, or not, and
make a note of anything that was not accurate on the transcripts. Of course, I
had no choice but to obey orders and I did exactly what the Secretary
requested.
I was given a copy of the transcripts, with a signature page, which I was to
show to Airl. After Airl completed her review, I was also directed to request
that Airl sign the cover-page, attesting that all of the translations in the
transcripts were correct, as amended by her.
About an hour later I entered the interview room, as instructed, with copies
of the transcripts and signature page to deliver to Airl as the members of the
gallery, including the Generals, (and Mr. Lindberg also, I presume) and
others watched through the glass of the gallery room.
I went to my usual seat, sitting 4 or 5 feet across from Airl. I presented the
envelope of transcripts to Airl, and passed on the instructions I had received
from the Secretary, telepathically. Airl looked at me, and looked at the
envelope, without accepting it.
Airl said: "If you have read them and they are accurate in you own
estimation, there is no need for me to review them also. The translations are
correct. You can tell your commander that you have faithfully conveyed a
record of our communication. "
I assured Airl that I had read them, and they were exact recordings of
everything I told the transcription typist.
"Will you sign the cover page then? ", I asked.
"No, I will not. ", said Airl.
"May I ask why not? ", I said. I was a little confused as to why she wasn't
willing to do such a simple thing.


--- Page 123 ---
"If your commander does not trust his own staff to make an honest and
accurate report to him, what confidence will my signature on the page give
him? Why will he trust an ink mark on a page made by an officer of The
Domain, if he does not trust his own, loyal staff? "
I didn't quite know what to say to that. I couldn't argue with Airl's logic, and
I couldn't force her to sign the document either. I sat in my chair for a
minute wondering what to do next. I thanked Airl and told her I needed to
go ask my superiors for further instructions. I placed the envelope of the
transcripts in the inside breast pocket of my uniform jacket and began to rise
from my chair.
At that moment the door from the gallery room slammed open! Five heavily
armed military police rushed into the room! A man in a white laboratory
coat followed closely behind them. He pushed a small cart that carried a
box-shaped machine with a lot of dials on the face of it.
Before I could react, two of the MPs grabbed Airl and held her firmly down
in the overstuffed chair she had been sitting on since the first day of our
interviews together. The two other MPs grabbed my shoulders and pushed
me back down on my chair and held me there. The other MP stood directly
in front of Airl, pointing a rifle directly at her, not more than six inches from
her head.
The man in the lab coat quickly wheeled the cart behind Airl's chair. He
deftly placed a circular head band over Airl's head and turned back to the
machine on the cart. Suddenly, he shouted the word "clear! "
The soldiers who were holding Airl released her. At that instant I saw Airl's
body stiffen and shudder. This lasted for about 15 or 20 seconds. The
machine operator turned a knob on the machine and Airl's body slumped
back into the chair. After a few seconds he turned the knob again and Airl's
body stiffened as before. He repeated the same process several more times.
I sat in my chair, being held down all the while by the MPs. And I didn't
understand what was going on. I was terrified and transfixed by what was
happening! I couldn't believe it!
After a few minutes several other men wearing white lab coats entered the
room. They briefly examined Airl who was now slumped listlessly in the
chair. They mumbled a few words to each other. One of the men waved to
the gallery window.
A gurney was immediately rolled into the room by two attendants. These
men lifted Airl's limp body onto the gurney, strapped her down across her
chest and arms, and rolled it out of the room.
I was immediately escorted out of the interview room by the MPs and taken


--- Page 124 ---
directly to my quarters, where I was locked in my room with the MPs
remaining at guard outside the door.
After about half an hour there was a knock at the door to my quarters. When
I opened it General T wining entered, together with the machine operator in
the white lab coat. The General introduced the man to me as Dr. Wilcox. 235
(Footnote). He asked me to accompany him and the doctor. We left the
room, followed by the MPs. After several twists and turns through the
complex we entered a small room where Airl had been wheeled on the
gurney.
The General told me that Airl and The Domain were considered to be a very
great military threat to the United States. Airl had been "immobilized" so
that she could not depart and return to her base, as she said she would do in
the interview. It would be a very grave risk to national security to allow Airl
to report what she observed during her time at the base. So, it had been
determined that decisive action was needed to prevent this.
The General asked me if I understood why this was necessary. I said that I
did, although I most certainly did not agree that it was the least bit necessary
and I certainly did not agree with the "surprise attack" on Airl and me in the
interview room! However, I said nothing about this to the General because I
was very afraid of what might happen to me and Airl if I protested.
Dr. Wilcox asked me to approach the gurney and stand next to Airl. Airl lay
perfectly still and unmoving on the bed. I could not tell whether she was
alive or dead. Several other men in white lab coats, who I assumed were also
doctors, stood on the opposite side of the bed. They had connected two
pieces of monitoring equipment to Airl's head, arms and chest. One of these
devices I recognized from my training as a surgical nurse as an EEG
machine 236 (Footnote) which is used to detect electrical activity in the
brain. The other device was a normal hospital room vital signs monitor,
which I knew would be useless since Airl did not have a biological body.
Dr. Wilcox explained to me that he had administered a series of "mild"
electroshocks to Airl in an attempt to subdue her long enough to allow the
military authorities time to evaluate the situation and determine what to do
with Airl.
He asked me to attempt to communicate with Airl, telepathically.
I tried for several minutes but couldn't sense any communication from Airl. I
couldn't even sense whether Airl was present in the body any longer!
"I think you must have killed her", I said to the doctor.
Dr. Wilcox told me that they would keep Airl under observation and that I


--- Page 125 ---
would be asked to return later to try to establish communication with Airl
again. "


--- Page 126 ---
Chapter Fifteen My Interrogation
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY PERSONAL NOTE)
"The next morning I was escorted from my quarters, under the guard of four
MPs, to the interview room. Airl's overstuffed chair had been removed from
the room and replaced by a small desk and several office chairs. I was asked
to sit down and wait to be interviewed. After a few minutes Dr. Wilcox
came into the office together with another man wearing a plain business suit.
The man introduced himself as John Reid. 237 (Footnote)
Dr. Wilcox explained to me that Mr. Reid had been flown in from Chicago
at the request of my superior officers to conduct a lie detector 238 (Footnote)
test on me!
My surprise at this statement was so obvious, that Dr. Wilcox noticed that I
was obviously taken aback, and insulted, at the insinuation that I had ever
lied about anything!
Nonetheless, Mr. Reid began to set up his polygraph device on the desk next
to my chair, while Dr. Wilcox continued to explain, in a calm voice, that the
test was being administered for my own protection. Since all of the
interviews with the alien had been conducted telepathically, and Airl had
declined to read and attest that the typed transcripts were accurate, that the
truth and accuracy of the statements contained in the transcripts depended
entirely on my personal word alone. There was no other reliable way to test
the accuracy of the transcripts without submitting me to a battery of tests
and psychological examinations to determine, in the opinion of
"experts", meaning himself, whether the transcripts should be taken
seriously, or not.
The tone of his voice said very clearly, "or dismissed as the delusional
ranting of a mere woman! "
Mr. Reid proceeded to strap a rubber tube around my chest, as well as an
ordinary blood-pressure cuff around my upper arm. He then placed
electrodes on the fingers and surfaces of my hands. He explained that he
would be very objective during the interview because he had been
thoroughly trained in scientific interrogation. This training was supposed to
make his interrogation free from human error.
Mr. Reid explained to me that, in response to the questions he and Dr.
Wilcox were going to ask me, that actual physiological changes would be
transmitted through a small panel unit. The readings would then be tracked


--- Page 127 ---
on moving graph paper, which he placed beside the machine on the desk.
The parallel graphs on the paper would then be correlated and interpreted by
Mr. Reid, with the "expert" assistance of Dr. Wilcox, to determine whether
or not I was lying.
Both Mr. Reid and Dr. Wilcox asked me a series of innocuous questions to
begin, which advanced into a more pointed interrogation about my
interviews with Airl.
Here is what I remember about the questions:
"What is your name? "
"Matilda O'Donnell", I replied.
"What is your date of birth? "
"June 12th, 1924", I said.
"What is your age? "
"Twenty-three".
"Where were you born? "
"Los Angeles, California", I said.
(And so on, and so forth. )
"Are you able to communicate by telepathy? "
"No. I have never been able to do this with anyone except Airl. " I said.
"Were any of the statements you made to the stenographer falsified?
"No", I answered.
"Have you intentionally or unintentionally imagined or fabricated any of the
communication you claimed to have had with the alien? "
"No, of course not", I said.
"Are you intentionally attempting to deceive anyone? "
"No. " "Are you attempting to obstruct this test? "
"No. "
"What color are your eyes? "
"Blue".
"Are you a Catholic? "
"Yes. "
"Would you tell the same stories to your parish priest in a Catholic church


--- Page 128 ---
confessional that you told to the stenographer here at the base? "
"Yes. "
"Are you trying to hide anything from us? "
"No. Nothing. "
"Do you believe everything the alien communicated to you? "
"Yes. "
"Do you consider yourself to be a gullible person? "
"No. "
The questions continued in this manner for more than an hour. Finally, I was
unhooked from the polygraph machine and allowed to return to my quarters,
still under guard by the MPs.
Later in the afternoon I returned to the interview room. This time the desk
was replaced by a hospital gurney. Dr. Wilcox was accompanied by a staff
nurse this time. He asked me to lie down on the gurney. He said that he had
been requested to ask me the same series of questions that I answered for the
lie detector test.
This time, however, I would respond to the questions under the influence of
a "truth serum", 239 (Footnote) known as sodium pentothal. As a trained
surgical nurse, I was familiar with this barbiturate drug as it was sometimes
used as an anesthetic.
Dr. Wilcox asked me if I had any objection to submitting to such a test. I
told him that I had nothing to hide. I cannot recall anything about this
interview. I assumed that when I finished answering the questions I was
escorted back to my room by the MPs, with their assistance this time, as I
was too wobbly and woozy from the drug to navigate by myself. However, I
had a very peaceful sleep that night.
Apparently neither of these interrogations yielded any suspicious results as I
was not asked any more questions after that. Thankfully, I was left alone
during the rest of my time at the base. "


--- Page 129 ---
Chapter Sixteen Airl Departs
(MATILDA O'DONNELL MACELROY
PERSONAL NOTE)
"I remained at the base, mostly confined to my quarters, for another 3 weeks
after Airl had been "incapacitated" by Dr. Wilcox. Once a day I was
escorted to the room where Airl lay on the bed under continued surveillance
by Dr. Wilcox, and others, I assume. Each time I went to the room, I was
asked to try to communicate with Airl again. Each time there was no
response. This saddened me a great deal. As the days continued I became
increasing more certain and distressed that Airl was "dead", if that is the
right word for it.
Every day, I re-read the transcripts of my interviews with Airl, searching for
a clue that might remind me of something or help me in some way to re-
establish communication with Airl. I still had the envelope in my possession
with copies of the transcripts that Airl was asked to sign. To this day, I don't
understand why no one ever asked me to return them. I suppose they forgot
about the copy of the transcripts in all the excitement. I did not offer to
return them. I kept them concealed under the mattress of my bed all the time
I remained at the base, and have kept them with me ever since then. You
will be the first person to see these transcripts.
Since Airl's body was not biological, the doctors could not detect whether
the body was alive or dead unless it moved. Of course I knew that if Airl
was not consciously animating the body as an IS-BE, the body would not
move.
I explained this to Dr. Wilcox. I explained this to him several times. Each
time he just gave me a patronizing sort of smile, patted my arm, and thanked
me for trying again.
At the end of the third week I was told by Dr. Wilcox that my services
would no longer be needed because it had been decided by the military to
move Airl to a larger, more secure military medical facility that was better
equipped to deal with the situation. He didn't say anything about where the
facility was located.
That was the last time I saw Airl's doll body.
The following day I received written orders, signed by General Twining.
The orders said that I had completed my service to the U. S. military and


--- Page 130 ---
was officially discharged from further duty and that I would receive an
honorable discharge and a generous military pension. I would be also be
relocated by the military, and given a new identity with the appropriate
documents.
Along with the orders I received a document that I was instructed to read
and sign. It was an oath of secrecy. The language of the document was full
of "legalese", but the point was very clearly made that I was to never, ever
discuss anything whatsoever with anyone whatsoever about anything
whatsoever that I has seen, heard or experienced during my service in the
military -- under pain of death as an Act of Treason against the United States
of America!
As it turned out, I was placed into a Federal government witness protection
program 240 (Footnote), except that I would be protected from the
government by the government. In other words, as long as I stayed quiet I
could stay alive!
The following morning I was placed aboard a small military transport plane
and flown to a relocation destination. After being shuttled to several
locations for short periods, I eventually I ended up in Glasgow, Montana
near Fort Peck.
The night before I was scheduled to board the transport plane, as I lay in bed
contemplating the whole affair and wondering what happened to Airl, and to
me, I suddenly heard Airl's "voice". I sat bolt upright in my bed and turned
on the light on the night stand! I looked around the room frantically for a
few seconds. Then I realized that it was Airl, the IS-BE. Her body was not in
the room with me, of course, and it didn't need to be.
She said "Hello! ". The tone of her thought was plain and friendly. It was
unmistakably Airl. I did not have the least doubt about that!
I thought, "Airl? Are you still here? " She answered that she was "here", but
not in a body on Earth. She had returned to her post at The Domain base
when the doctor and MPs attacked us in the interview room. She was
pleased to perceive that I was well, and that I was going to be released
unharmed.
I wondered how she escaped from them. I was worried that they might have
injured Airl by the shock machine. Airl said that she was able to leave the
body before the shock was administered and avoided the electric current
running through the body. She wanted to let me know that she was safe and
not to worry about her. I was very relieved, to say the least!
I asked Airl if I would every see her again. Airl reassured me that we are
both IS-BEs. We are not a physical bodies. Now that she had located me in


--- Page 131 ---
space and time we would always stay in communication. Airl wished me
well and my communication with her ended for the moment. "


--- Page 132 ---
Post Script from Mrs. MacElroy
EDITOR’ NOTE: The following message was enclosed in a separate
envelope marked "READ ME LAST", together with the original letter,
the transcripts and the other notes of explanation I received in the
envelope from Mrs. MacElroy. This is what the message said:
"The other documents in this envelope are the end of the story, as far as
what happened back in 1947. However, several months after the government
got me settled at my final relocation destination, I continued my
communication with Airl on a regular basis.
It has been almost exactly 40 years since the crash at Roswell. Since then it
has become obvious to me that I have been able to communicate
telepathically with Airl for one reason: I am one of the 3,000 members of
the Lost Battalion. At this time, all of the members of the Lost Battalion
have been located on Earth as a result of The Domain Annunaki
Mission and their use of the "Tree of Life" detection device.
Through my communication with Airl, I have recovered some of my
memory of lives I've spent on Earth over the past 8,000 years. Most of these
memories are not especially important compared to the long backtrack of
events, but it has been a necessary stepping stone to regaining my awareness
and ability as an IS-BE.
I can also remember some dim patches of my life in The Domain
Expeditionary Force. I was a nurse there too. For the most part I've been a
nurse over and over and over again down through the ages. I stick with
being a nurse because it is familiar to me. And,
I enjoy the work of helping people, as well as members of the race of
biological beings in The Domain whose bodies look more like insects
than mammals, especially their hands. Even doll bodies need some repair
once in awhile, too.
As I remember more about my past, I realize that the rest of my life is in the
future. Eternity is not just in the past. Eternity is in the future. At this point I
am still not able to fully return to The Domain. I am sentenced to eternal
imprisonment, like all other IS-BEs in the living Hell called Earth, until we
can disable the "Old Empire" force screens.
Because I won't keep my biological body much longer now, I am intensely
aware that very soon I will be recycled through the amnesia process of the
"Old Empire", and stuck back into another baby body to start all over again -


--- Page 133 ---
- without any memory of what went before.
As you know, members of The Domain Expeditionary Force have been
working to solve this problem for thousands of years. Airl says that even
though The Domain has located all of the Lost Battalion officers and crew,
the success of freeing them depends on the IS-BEs who are already on
Earth. The Domain Central Command cannot authorize any personnel or
resources, at this time, to conduct a "rescue mission" as this in not the
primary mission of The Domain Expeditionary Force in this galaxy.
So, if IS-BEs on Earth are going to escape from this prison, it will have to be
an "inside job", so to speak. The inmates will have to figure out how to get
themselves out. Various methods of recovering the memory and ability of
IS-BEs have been developed over the past 10,000 years on Earth, but none
have proven to be consistently effective so far.
Airl mentioned that the most significant breakthrough was made by
Gautama Siddhartha about 2, 500 years ago. However, the original teachings
and techniques taught by The Buddha have been altered or lost over
the millennia since then. The practical techniques of his philosophy were
perverted into robotic religious rituals by priests as a self-serving instrument
of control or slavery.
However, another major advance occurred recently. An acquaintance of The
Commanding Officer of The Domain Expeditionary Force Space Station is
an IS-BE who had once been an important engineer and officer in the "Old
Empire" Space Fleet. He become an "untouchable" himself about 10,000
years ago and was sentenced to Earth for leading a mutiny against the
oppressive regime of the "Old Empire". The engineer was trained in
Advanced Scientific Improvisation Theory thousands of years ago. This man
has applied his expertise to helping The Domain solve the apparently
unsolvable problem of rescuing the members of the Lost Battalion, as well
as the IS-BEs on Earth.
Careful observation and experimental analysis of the mechanics of memory
in IS-BEs by he and his wife, who assisted him, led to the realization that
IS-BEs can recover from amnesia and also regain lost abilities. Together
they discovered and developed effective methods that they used to
rehabilitate their own memories. They eventually codified their methods
so that others can safely be trained to apply them to themselves and others,
without detection by the "Old Empire" thought control operators.
Their research also revealed that IS-BEs can occupy and operate more than
one body at the same time -a fact that previously was thought to be
uniquely limited to officers of The Domain.
One example of this fact is that the engineer, in a previous lifetime on Earth,


--- Page 134 ---
was Suleiman The Magnificent 241 (Footnote). His assistant was a harem
girl who rose up from slavery to become his wife and rule the Ottoman
empire with him. 242 (Footnote) Simultaneously, she inhabited another body
and ruled her own empire as Queen Elizabeth. 243 (Footnote) As the Queen
of England, she never married, because she was already married to the
Sultan of the Ottoman Empire!
In a later life he was incarnated as Cecil Rhodes.
244 (Footnote). During his life as Rhodes she was, again, a princess, this time
from Poland. 245 (Footnote) As such, she pursued Rhodes unsuccessfully
toward the end of his life. However, in their next incarnation they met again,
were married, had a family, and again, worked together successfully all of
their lives.
Several other notable examples of this phenomena were observed. For
example, the process of refining steel was invented by the same IS-BE who
inhabited two bodies simultaneously. One was named Kelly 246
(Footnote) who lived in Kentucky, and the other was a man named
Bessemer 247 (Footnote) who lived in England. They both conceived the
same process at the same time.
Another example is Alexander Graham Bell 248 (Footnote) the inventor of
the telephone, which was invented by several others at the same time,
including Elisha Gray. 249 (Footnote) The telephone was
conceived concurrently in several locations around the world all at once.
This was a single IS-BE of such tremendous energy and ability that he was
able to operate several bodies in several different locations while conducting
complex research work!
Thanks to these revelations, The Domain has been able to return some of IS-
BEs of the Lost Battalion to active duty on a limited, part-time basis.
For example, two young girls who occupy biological bodies on Earth are
now, at the same time, working as active members of The Domain
Expeditionary Force on the asteroid space station as operators of
a communication switchboard. These operators relay messages between The
Domain Expeditionary Force and The Domain Command Headquarters.
Recently, I, myself have been able to resume some of my own duties for The
Domain Expeditionary Force while continuing to live on Earth. This is not
an easy task however, and can only be done while my biological body is
sleeping.
It makes me very, very happy to know that we may not have to stay on Earth
forever! There is hope of escape, not just for the Lost Battalion, but for


--- Page 135 ---
many other IS-BEs on Earth.
However, all IS-BEs could be helped to become more aware of the actual
situation on Earth through the information in this envelope. This is why I
sent these letters and transcripts to you. I want you to get these documents
published. I want IS-BEs on Earth to have a chance to find out what is
really happening on Earth.
Most people will not believe any of it, I'm sure. It seems too incredible. No
"reasonable" person would ever believe a word of it. However, it only
seems "incredible" to an IS-BE whose memory has been erased and replaced
with false information inside the electronically controlled illusion of a
prison planet. We must not allow the apparent incredibility of our situation
to prevent us from confronting the reality of it.
Frankly, "reasons" have nothing to do with reality. There are no reasons.
Things are what they are. If we don't face the facts of our situation, we're
going to stay under the thumb of the "Old Empire" forever! The biggest
weapon the "Old Empire" has left now is our ignorance of what they are
doing to all the IS-BEs on Earth. Disbelief and secrecy are the
most effective weapons they have!
The government agencies that classified the enclosed transcripts as "TOP
SECRET" are run by IS-BEs who are nothing more than mindless
automatons covertly ordered about through hypnotic commands given by
the "Old Empire" prison operators. They are the unknowing slaves of unseen
slave masters -- and all the more enslaved by their willingness to be slaves.
Most of the IS-BEs on Earth are good, honest, able beings: artists, managers,
geniuses, free thinkers and revolutionaries who have harmed no one,
really. They are no threat to anyone except the criminals who have
imprisoned them.
They must find out about the "Old Empire" amnesia and hypnosis operation.
They must remember their own past lives. The only way this will ever
happen is to communicate, coordinate and fight back. We have to tell other
people and they have to discuss it openly with each other. Communication is
the only effective weapon against secrecy and oppression.
This is why I am asking you to tell this story.
Please share these transcripts with as many people as you can. If the people
of Earth are told what is really going on here, perhaps they will begin
to remember who they are, and where they came from.
For now, we can begin our own release and rescue with words. We can be
free again. We can be ourselves again. Perhaps I will meet you in person,
with or without a body, somewhere in our Eternal Future.


--- Page 136 ---
Good Luck To All Of Us, Matilda O'Donnell MacElroy
-- END OF MRS. MACELROY DOCUMENTS --
Appendix: Editor's Footnotes


--- Page 137 ---
Reading
Literature for Immortal Spiritual Beings
Written by Lawrence R. Spencer
The "Wizard of Oz" as an Analogy to the Mysteries of Life
( www. ozfactors. com )
Pan - God of The Woods
( www. godofthewoods. com )
The Big Bleep; The Mystery of a Different Universe
( www. thebigbleep. com )


--- Page 138 ---
Alien Interview Footnotes
( www.alieninterview.org )
1    "... "War of the Worlds, and The Invasion from
Mars"... "
"... the day before Halloween, on Oct. 30, 1938, when millions of Americans
tuned in to a popular radio program that featured plays directed by, and
often starring, Orson Welles. The performance that evening was an
adaptation of the science fiction novel The War of the Worlds, about a
Martian invasion of the Earth. But in adapting the book for a radio
play, Welles made an important change: under his direction the play was
written and performed so it would sound like a news broadcast about an
invasion from Mars, a technique that, presumably, was intended to heighten
the dramatic effect.
As the play unfolded, dance music was interrupted a number of times by fake
news bulletins reporting that a "huge flaming object" had dropped on a
farm near Grovers Mill, New Jersey. As members of the audience sat on the
edge of their collective seat, actors playing news announcers, officials and
other roles one would expect to hear in a news report, described the landing
of an invasion force from Mars and the destruction of the United States.
The broadcast also contained a number of explanations that it was all a
radio play, but if members of the audience missed a brief explanation at the
beginning, the next one didn't arrive until 40 minutes into the program.
At one point in the broadcast, an actor in a studio, playing a newscaster in
the field, described the emergence of one of the aliens from its spacecraft.
"Good heavens, something's wriggling out of the shadow like a gray snake, "
he said, in an appropriately dramatic tone of voice. "Now it's another one,
and another. They look like tentacles to me. There, I can see the thing's
body. It's large as a bear and it glistens like wet leather. But that face. It...
it's indescribable. I can hardly force myself to keep looking at it. The eyes
are black and gleam like a serpent. The mouth is V-shaped with saliva
dripping from its rimless lips that seem to quiver and pulsate.... The thing is
raising up. The crowd falls back. They've seen enough. This is the most
extraordinary experience. I can't find words. I'm pulling this microphone
with me as I talk. I'll have to stop the description until I've taken a new
position. Hold on, will you please, I’ll be back in a minute. "


--- Page 139 ---
As it listened to this simulation of a news broadcast the audience concluded
that it was hearing an actual news account of an invasion from Mars.
People packed the roads, hid in cellars, loaded guns, even wrapped their
heads in wet towels as protection from Martian poison gas, in an attempt
to defend themselves against aliens, oblivious to the fact that they were
acting out the role of the panic-stricken public that actually belonged in a
radio play.
News of the panic (which was conveyed via genuine news reports) quickly
generated a national scandal. There were calls, which never went
anywhere, for government regulations of broadcasting to ensure that a
similar incident wouldn't happen again.
In a prescient column, in the New York Tribune, Dorothy Thompson
foresaw that the broadcast revealed the way politicians could use the
power of mass communications to create theatrical illusions, to
manipulate the public. "
-- Reference: http://www.transparencynow.com/welles. htm
2    "... Majestic-12 documents. "
"Majestic 12" or "MJ-12". (NOTE: All of the following information and/or
assertions concerning the MJ-12 documents are those of the authors of the
following website: http://www. majesticdocuments. com)
"Operation Majestic-12 was established by special classified presidential
order on September 24, 1947 at the recommendation of Secretary of Defense
James Forrestal and Dr. Vannevar Bush, Chairman of the Joint Research
and Development Board. The goal of the group was to exploit everything
they could from recovered alien technology.
Buried in a super-secret "MAJIC EYES ONLY" classification that was above
TOP SECRET — long before the modern top secret codeword special
access programs of today — Major General Leslie R. Groves (who
commanded the Manhattan Project to deliver the atomic bomb) kept just one
copy of the details of crashed alien technology in his safe in Washington, D.
C.
Ambitious, elite scientists such as Vannevar Bush, Albert Einstein, and
Robert Oppenheimer, and career military people such as Hoyt Vandenberg,
Roscoe Hillenkoetter, Leslie Groves, and George Marshall, along with a
select cast of other experts, feverishly and secretively labored to understand
the alien agenda, technology, and their implications.
Einstein and Oppenheimer were called in to give their opinion, drafting a


--- Page 140 ---
six-page paper titled “Relationships With Inhabitants Of Celestial Bodies. "
They provided prophetic insight into our modern nuclear strategies and
satellites, and expressed agitated urgency that an agreement be reached
with the President so that scientists could proceed to study the
alien technology.
The extraordinary recovery of fallen airborne objects in the state of New
Mexico, between July 4 - July 6, 1947, caused the Chief of Staff of the Army
Air Force’s Interplanetary Phenomena Unit, Scientific and Technical
Branch, Counterintelligence Directorate to initiate a thorough investigation.
The special unit was formed in 1942 in response to two crashes in the Los
Angeles area in late February 1942. The draft summary report begins “At
2332 MST, 3 July 47, radar stations in east Texas and White Sands Proving
Ground, N. M. tracked two unidentified aircraft until they both dropped off
radar. Two crash sites have been located close to the WSPG. Site LZ-1 was
located at a ranch near Corona, Approx. 75 miles northwest of the town of
Roswell. Site LZ-2 was located approx. 20 miles southeast of the town of
Socorro, at latitude 33-40-31 and longitude 106-28-29".
The first-ever-known UFO crash retrieval case occurred in 1941 in Cape
Girardeau,
Missouri. This crash kicked off early reverse-engineering work, but it did
not create a unified intelligence effort to exploit possible technological gains
apart from the Manhattan Project uses.
The debris from the primary field of the 1947 crash 20 miles southeast of
Socorro, New Mexico was called ULAT-1 (Unidentified Lenticular
Aerodyne Technology), and it excited metallurgists with its unheard-of
tensile and shear strengths. The fusion nuclear (called neutronic at that
time) engine used heavy water and deuterium with an oddly arranged series
of coils, magnets, and electrodes — descriptions that resemble the “cold
fusion" studies of today.
Harry Truman kept the technical briefing documents of September 24, 1947
for further study, pondering the challenges of creating and funding a secret
organization before the CIA existed (although the Central Intelligence
Group or CIG did exist) and before there was a legal procedure of funding
non-war operations.
In April 1954, a group of senior officers of the U. S. intelligence community
and the Armed Forces gathered for one of the most secret and sensational
briefings in history. The subject was Unidentified Flying Objects — not just
a discussion of sightings, but how to recover crashed UFOs, where to ship
the parts, and how to deal with the occupants. For example, in the “Special
Operations Manual (SOM1-01) Extraterrestrial Entities Technology


--- Page 141 ---
Recovery and Disposal, " MAJESTIC-12 “red teams" mapped out UFO
crash retrieval scenarios with special attention given to press blackouts,
body packaging, and live alien transport, isolation, and custody.
Majestic Documents. com is not another rehash of the famous Roswell story
— it contains over 500 pages (and growing) of newly surfaced documents,
many of which date years before the Roswell crash. Unlike other websites, a
central theme of validating authenticity is woven throughout the site while
telling the exciting story of the U. S. government's work on retrieval and
analysis of extraterrestrial hardware and alien life forms from 1941 to
present. "
-- Reference: http://www.majesticdocuments.com/
3    "Like Ripley said... "
Robert LeRoy Ripley (December 25, 1893 - May 27, 1949) was a
cartoonist, entrepreneur, and amateur anthropologist who created the world
famous Ripley's Believe It or Not! newspaper panel series, featuring odd but
true facts from around the world. Subjects covered in Ripley's cartoons and
text ranged from sports feats to little known facts about unusual and exotic
sites, but what ensured the concept's popularity may have been that Ripley
also included items submitted by readers, who supplied photographs of a
wide variety of small town American trivia, ranging from unusually shaped
vegetables to oddly marked domestic animals, all documented by
photographs and then engagingly depicted by Ripley's prolific pen. “
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
4    "... Voltaire... "
"François-Marie Arouet (21 November 1694 - 30 May 1778), better known
by the pen name Voltaire, was a French Enlightenment writer, essayist, deist
and philosopher known for his wit, philosophical sport, and defense of civil
liberties, including freedom of religion and the right to a fair trial. He was an
outspoken supporter of social reform despite strict censorship laws and
harsh penalties for those who broke them. A satirical polemicist,
he frequently made use of his works to criticize Christian Church dogma and
the French institutions of his day. Many of Voltaire's works and ideas would
influence important thinkers of both the American and French Revolutions.
"
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
5    "... personal Hell... "
“The modern English word Hell is derived from Old English hel, helle
(about 725 AD) and ultimately from Proto-Germanic halja, meaning “one


--- Page 142 ---
who covers up or hides something".


--- Page 143 ---
"... Top Secret"...
"Top Secret is the highest acknowledged level of classified information in
many countries, where it is defined as material that would cause
"exceptionally grave damage" to national security if disclosed. The term top
secret can be applied to information, actions, organizations, projects, etc. of
which any knowledge is highly restricted. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 144 ---
7    "... self-administered euthanasia.... "
"The term euthanasia comes from the greek words "eu" and "thanatos"
which combined means “well-death" or "dying well". Hippocrates mentions
euthanasia in the Hippocratic Oath, which was written between 400 and 300
B. C. The ancient Greeks and Romans generally did not believe that life
needed to be preserved at any cost and were, in consequence, tolerant of
suicide in cases where no relief could be offered to the dying or, in the case
of the Stoics and Epicureans, where a person no longer cared for his life. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 145 ---
8    "... County Meath, Ireland... "
"Meath (the "middle") was formed from the eastern part of the province of
Midhe - see Kings of Mide - but now forms part of Leinster. Historically this
province of Meath included all of the current county as well as all of
Westmeath and parts of Cavan, Longford, Louth, Offaly, Dublin and
Kildare. The High King of Ireland sat at Tara in Meath. The
archaeological complex of Bru na Boinne is 5,000 years old and includes
the burial sites of Newgrange, Knowth and Dowth, in the northeast of the
county. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
9    "... The Great Mound" at Knowth, and Dowth, the "Fairy Mound of
Darkness". These are sacred "cairns" or massive stone structures that were
erected about 3, 700 BCE and engraved with indecipherable hieroglyphs... "
"The astronomical significance of Kerbstone 51, the "Stone of the Seven
Suns", at Dowth:
If moonlight were to shine on the back stone of the eastern passage at
Knowth, it would illuminate a map of the moon itself, the world's oldest
known depiction of the lunar maria*. The carvings are about 4800 years
old. The next oldest depiction of the maria known to science is that by
Leonardo da Vinci in about 1505 AD.
* Lunar maria (singular: mare, two syllables) are large, dark, basaltic plains
on Earth's Moon, formed by ancient volcanic eruptions. They were dubbed
maria, Latin for "seas", by early astronomers who mistook them for actual
seas. They are less reflective than the "highlands" as a result of their iron-
rich compositions, and hence appear dark to the naked eye. The maria cover
about 16% of the lunar surface, mostly on the near-side visible from Earth.
The few maria on the far-side are much smaller, residing mostly in very
large craters where only a small amount of flooding occurred. -- Reference:
Wikipedia
The mythology about Dowth speaks of a bull and seven cows, it seems likely
that the site has some connection with the constellation of Taurus, the Bull,
which contains the open
cluster the Pleiades, otherwise known as "The Seven Sisters". This
constellation was very important around the year 3000BC, when the Boyne
Valley mounds were being constructed, as it contained the Sun on the Spring
Equinox, that very important moment of the year when the Sun's path along


--- Page 146 ---
the ecliptic crossed the celestial equator heading northwards. It is the Sun's
position among the zodiac stars at this time which determines the current
'age' - i. e. the "Age of Taurus".
Another interesting phenomenon which occurs at this time is what is known
to astronomers as a 'heliacal rising' of the Pleiades. This happens when the
stars in question rise at the eastern horizon but are quickly lost in the glare
of the rising sun. It is interesting to note that the Egyptians, and the Dogon
tribe in Africa, (See: The Oz Factors) among others, used the same Dowth-
like 'sun-wheel' symbols to signify a heliacal rising.
If these 'sun-wheel' symbols do represent the heliacal rising of the Pleiades,
it tells us something very significant about the Neolithic people - they were
aware of the great cycle of precession, the slow wobble of the Earth's axis
which causes the celestial pole to shift over time, resulting in the Vernal
Equinox point, that place where the Sun crosses the celestial equator,
moving backwards, or westwards, through the Zodiac over a huge 25, 800-
year period. This Vernal point moves just one degree (about two widths of
the full moon) every 72 years, and spends on average 2, 150 years in each of
the twelve constellations of the Zodiac. "
-- Reference:
http://www.mythicalireland.com/ancientsites/dowth/candlelight. html
10    "... In ancient Irish religion and mythology this (T ara) was the sacred
place of dwelling for the "gods"... "
" Sitting on top of the King's Seat (Forradh) of Temair is the most famous of
Tara's monuments - Ireland's ancient coronation stone - the Lia Fail or
"Stone of Destiny", which was brought here according to mythology by the
godlike people, the Tuatha De Danann, as one of their sacred objects. It was
said to roar when touched by the rightful king of Tara.
A new theory suggests Tara was the ancient capital of the lost kingdom of
Atlantis. The mythical land of Atlantis was Ireland, according to a new
book. There are a large number of monuments and earthen structures on the
Hill of Tara. The earliest settlement at the site was in the Neolithic, and the
Mound of the Hostages was constructed in or around 2500BC. "
-- Reference: http://www.mythicalireland.com/ancientsites/tara/
11    "... the Military - Industrial Complex that President Eisenhower warned
us about in his farewell address... "
"A military-industrial complex (MIC) is composed of a nation's armed
forces, its suppliers of weapons systems, supplies and services, and its civil
government.


--- Page 147 ---
The term "MIC" is most often used in reference to the United States, where
it gained popularity after its use in the farewell address of President Dwight
D. Eisenhower. In the penultimate draft of the address, Eisenhower initially
used the term military-industrial-congressional complex, and thus indicated
the essential role that the United States Congress plays in the propagation of
the military industry. But, it is said, that the president chose to strike the
word congressional in order to placate members of the legislative branch of
the federal government.
It is sometimes used more broadly to include the entire network of contracts
and flows of money and resources among individuals as well as institutions
of the defense contractors, The Pentagon, and the Congress and Executive
branch. This sector is intrinsically prone to Principal-agent problem, moral
hazard, and rent seeking. Cases of political corruption have also surfaced
with regularity.
President of the United States (and former General of the Army) Dwight D.
Eisenhower later used the term in his Farewell Address to the Nation on
January 17, 1961:
"A vital element in keeping the peace is our military establishment. Our
arms must be mighty, ready for instant action, so that no potential aggressor
may be tempted to risk his own destruction...
This conjunction of an immense military establishment and a large arms
industry is new in the American experience. The total influence —
economic, political, even spiritual — is felt in every city, every statehouse,
every office of the federal government. We recognize the imperative need for
this development. Yet we must not fail to comprehend its grave implications.
Our toil, resources and livelihood are all involved; so is the very structure
of our society.
In the councils of government, we must guard against the acquisition of
unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought, by the military-
industrial complex. The potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power
exists and will persist.
We must never let the weight of this combination endanger our liberties or
democratic processes. We should take nothing for granted. Only an alert
and knowledgeable citizenry can compel the proper meshing of the huge
industrial and military machinery of defense with our peaceful methods and
goals so that security and liberty may prosper together. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
12    "... Roswell Army Air Field (RAAF)... "


--- Page 148 ---
"In May 1946, the Army Air Forces (AAF) gave SAC the responsibility of
delivering the atomic bomb. Only one of the command’s bombardment units,
the 509th at Walker Air Force Base (then Roswell Field) in New Mexico,
was trained and ready for the atomic bomb mission. The 509th Wing,
training on the B-29 aircraft, dropped the first atomic bomb on Japan. "
-- Reference: http://www.strategic-air-command.com/bases/Walker_AFB.
htm
13    "... July 8, 1947, the Roswell Army Air Field (RAAF) issued a press
release stating that personnel from the field's 509th Bomb Group had
recovered a crashed "flying disc" from a ranch near Roswell, New Mexico...
"
THE FOLLOWING LIST OF WITNESSES AND TESTIMONY
REGARDING THE "CRASHED FLYING DISC" INCIDENT THAT MRS.
MACELROY DESCRIBES IN HER LETTER:
NOTE: Testimonial, Signed Affidavits, Photos And Other Resource
Materials About The Incident Can Be Viewed At The Following Website:
-- http://roswellproof.homestead.com/index.html
(Copyright ©2001 by David Rudiak. E-Mail: drudiak@lmi.net )
"When we look at the contents of the message in conjunction with witness
testimony, the evidence clearly points to an actual flying saucer crash, as
astonishing as this conclusion may seem to many.
This testimony is gone into in much greater detail elsewhere in this
Website. It consists primarily of numerous and consistent descriptions of
highly anomalous debris and to a lesser extent of alien bodies. Here are a
few key witnesses:
Major Jesse Marcel: Then the intelligence chief at Roswell and the first to
investigate sheep rancher Mack Brazel's find, Marcel confirmed in a
number of interviews 30 years later that the crash debris had highly
anomalous properties and was "not of this Earth." Marcel also spoke of
Ramey's weather balloon cover-up at Fort Worth. Note particularly
highly laudatory post-Roswell evaluations by base commander Col.
William Blanchard, Gen. Ramey, and future USAF Chief of Staff Col.
John Ryan.
Lt. Walter Haut: Former Roswell base public information officer who
issued the base press release. Haut's "deathbed" sealed affidavit has just
been published. In it he confesses to seeing the spacecraft and bodies in
base Hangar 84/P-3 and tells us the mysterious press release was General
Ramey's idea to divert press and public attention away from the closer and


--- Page 149 ---
more important craft/body site.
Sat Frederick Benthal: Army photographer flown in from Washington
D.C., said he photographed alien bodies in a tent at crash site and saw
large quantities of crash debris being hauled away in trucks.
PFC Elias Benjamin: Roswell MP, said he escorted the alien bodies from
the heavily guarded base Hangar P-3 to the base hospital, and saw a live
one being worked on by doctors; was threatened afterwards if he didn't
keep quiet.
1st Lt. Chester P. Barton: A crypto specialist and assigned to an MP unit,
Barton said he was ordered to the crash site 45 minutes north of town to
check on the cleanup, saw a football-field-size burn impact area heavily
guarded by MPs, scattered metal debris, was told radiation was at the site,
heard archeologists had first discovered it, and also heard bodies were
taken to base hospital and then to Fort Worth. Because of what he saw, he
knew that the balloon explanation was ridiculous and there had been a
cover-up. However, Barton was unusual in being a flying saucer crash
skeptic, instead thinking that it was maybe a B-29 crash and nuclear
accident.
Bill Brazel Jr.: Rancher Mack Brazel's son, Bill Brazel independently
corroborated many details of Marcel's testimony, including the strange
debris, the large, elongated debris field, and his father's story of an
explosion in the middle of a violent electrical storm.
Louis Rickett: One of the regular Army CIC agents in Marcel's office,
Rickett confirmed the anomalous quality of the debris, a major cleanup
operation at Brazel's ranch, high secrecy, and being involved in a
subsequent investigation to determine the trajectory of the craft. He
was also told by others about the shape of the main craft. Like Chester
Barton, he placed the main impact site a 45 minute drive north of Roswell.
Brig. Gen. Arthur Exon: Though not a direct participant, Exon was
stationed at Wright Field at the time, over flew the area soon afterwards,
and was later commanding officer of Wright-Patterson AFB. Exon when
first interviewed flatly stated, "Roswell was the recovery of a craft from
space. " Among other things, he confirmed the existence of two main
crash sites. Exon also said he heard that bodies were recovered and
confirmed the debris was highly anomalous based on testing done by labs at
Wright-Patterson. Exon added that he was aware of other crash-recoveries
that occurred while he was C/O at Wright-Patterson.
Steven Lovekin (served in the White House Army Signal Corp during
Eisenhower and Kennedy administrations, 1959-1961) Although like Exon


--- Page 150 ---
not a direct participant, Lovekin said he received 1959 Pentagon briefings
and being shown a metallic beam with symbols from a 1947 N. M. crash
(presumably Roswell) plus being told of either 3 or 5 aliens
being recovered, one initially alive. He also said he was shown very
compelling photographic and radar evidence of UFOs. He also testified of
the threats against military personnel given this information if they were to
publicly reveal it. Finally, he told of Eisenhower's concern over losing
control of the situation with power falling into the hands of private
corporations given access to the materials.
Brig. Gen. Thomas Dubose: Gen. Ramey's Chief of Staff in 1947, Dubose
handled the high-level phone communications between Roswell, Fort Worth,
and Washington. Dubose went on record many times about the high secrecy
involved (including the matter going directly to the White House), receiving
direct orders from Washington to instigate a cover-up, Gen. Ramey's
weather balloon cover story, and a highly secret shipment of debris
from Roswell to Fort Worth, Washington, and Wright Field. Dubose's
damning testimony made him a complete nonentity in the Air Force's 1995
Roswell report, which didn't even bother to identify him in the photos taken
of Gen. Ramey with his weather balloon. (Visit the website to view Dubose's
Air Force biography, his sworn affidavit, and a more detailed discussion
of his testimony which the Air Force was so eager to avoid. )
Sgt. Robert Slusher and PFC Lloyd Thompson: Crew members on a
mysterious B-29 flight from Roswell to Fort Worth on July 9, 1947,
transporting a large wooden crate in the bomb bay surrounded by an armed
guard. Upon arrival, the plane was met by high brass and a mortician. This
is probably the flight referred to in the Ramey memo that would
ship whatever was "in the 'disc'" to Fort Worth by a B-29 Special Transport
plane. New witnesses to the flight, including daughter of the head security
guard, saying that alien bodies were inside the crate.
Frank Kaufmann: A highly controversial witness claiming to be one of the
exclusive members of a special CIC-team (Army Counter-Intelligence Corp)
in charge of the Roswell recovery operation. Nonetheless, some of
Kaufmann's claims seem to be corroborated by the Ramey message,
including the existence of such a team, the recovery of an intact "disk" with
bodies inside about 35 miles north of Roswell base, and the special team
being responsible for the initial Roswell base press release. Kaufmann also
testified to knowing of a wooden crate guarded in a hangar with the bodies
packed inside awaiting shipment, perhaps the same crate independently
described by Slusher and Thompson.
Glenn Dennis: A Roswell mortician and another highly controversial
witness, Dennis spoke of receiving strange calls from the base about


--- Page 151 ---
preservation techniques and child-sized coffins. Dennis also claimed to be at
the Roswell base hospital, seeing unusual debris in the back of an
ambulance including a pod-like object perhaps alluded to in the Ramey
message, and being threatened. He also claimed to know a Roswell nurse
who assisted in a preliminary autopsy at the base hospital and who
described the aliens to him.
The nurse subsequently disappeared. However, attempts to identify the
mystery nurse have proven to be a complete failure after Dennis provided a
false name. However, also see some corroborative evidence immediately
following Dennis' affidavit, such as David Wagnon, a medical technician,
who remembered the nurse fitting Dennis' description, as did Pete Anaya,
who said the pretty nurse he knew and encountered at the base hangar
telling him of the bodies there subsequently disappeared.
Roswell police chief L. M. Hall stated that Dennis was telling him of calls
from the base about small coffins for the aliens only a few days after the
crashed saucer story broke in the Roswell papers. Similarly, S/Sgt. Milton
Sprouse also said he heard of the coffin call from Dennis and a medic friend
told him of the alien bodies and autopsy at the hospital.
The medic and doctors and nurses involved in the autopsy all immediately
were transferred and their fate remained unknown. In addition, other
independent witnesses have provided first and second-hand testimony about
small bodies being found with details very similar to those provided by
Dennis, including Walter Haut, Frederick Benthal, Eli Benjamin, and
relatives of "Pappy" Henderson.
Family and friends of Oliver "Pappy" Henderson: Henderson was one of
the senior pilots at Roswell. When the first public stories of a Roswell saucer
crash began circulating in 1981, Henderson confided to family and friends
of being the pilot who flew bodies of the aliens and crash wreckage to
Wright Field. He also claimed to have seen the craft and bodies, and
provided a description of the aliens.
Sgt. Robert E. Smith: A member of an air transport unit at Roswell, Smith
said he helped load crates filled with debris for transport by C-54's,
including one flown by Henderson and his crew. Smith was also among the
witnesses to describe the mysterious "memory foil" which he said was in the
crates. He further described strangers to the base dressed in plainclothes
and flashing ID cards for some unknown project, perhaps part of the
special CIC-team mentioned in the Ramey memo and by Frank Kaufmann.
Finally he claimed that distant cousin of his was with the Secret Service and
was there at the base representing President Truman. (The same name was
also provided by Kaufmann. )


--- Page 152 ---
S/Sgt. Earl V. Fulford: In the engineering squadron, Fulford said he
participated in the large debris field cleanup guarded by MPs, handled the
mysterious "memory foil, " saw what may have been the tarped crash object
on a flatbed truck being towed to Hangar 84, and in the middle of the night
was made to load a large wooden crate into an idling C-54.
Earl Zimmerman: Formerly with AFOSI (AF counterintelligence). While in
officers' club heard many rumors about flying saucer crash and of it being
investigated under the guise of an airplane crash. Several times observed
Gen. Ramey and Charles Lindbergh being at base unannounced in
connection with this. Like Robert Smith, spoke of seeing an unknown CIC
man being at base. Col. Blanchard told him it was OK. Later worked with
astronomer Dr. Lincoln LaPaz and corroborated story of Roswell CIC man
Lewis Rickett that LaPaz investigated Roswell afterwards with the help of
the CIC to try to determine objects trajectory. Again an airplane crash was
the cover story.
Lt. Robert Shirkey: Then the assistant operations officer, Shirkey witnessed
the loading of the
B-29 that took Major Marcel to Fort Worth to see Gen. Ramey. He said he
saw boxes of debris being carried on board, including an I-beam with raised
markings and a large piece of metal, brushed stainless steel in color,
obviously not part of a tinfoil radar target. He was told it was from a flying
saucer. Along with witness Robert Porter, he also stated that the plane's
pilot was Deputy Commanding Officer Lt. Col. Payne Jennings, who was
now the Acting C/O with Col. Blanchard officially on leave. Nine days later,
Shirkey was abruptly transferred to the Philippines to a post that didn't
exist. Jennings personally flew him to his next assignment.
Sat. Robert Porter: Was on Marcel's flight to Fort Worth and was handed
wrapped packages of debris samples. Said that flight was piloted by Deputy
base commander Jennings. He was told on board that the crash material
was from a flying saucer. Later, they told him it was a weather balloon. Said
debris was loaded onto another plane.
Art McQuiddy: Former editor of the Roswell Morning Dispatch. Said base
commander Col. Blanchard admitted to authorizing base press release and
of strange material being found by his men.
Judd Roberts: Co-owner of Roswell radio station KGFL owner. Spoke of
how they wire-recorded an interview with rancher Mack Brazel for later
airing, then withdrew it about receiving warnings from Washington about
losing their license. Testified to seeing a military cordon around Brazel
crash site.
William Woody: Another witness to a military cordon thrown up up north of


--- Page 153 ---
town along the main highway, blocking access to the west.
Lydia Sleppy: Albuquerque teletype operator and one of earliest witnesses.
Stated that the story phoned in from field by Roswell radio reporter Johnny
McBoyle about seeing the crashed saucer and hearing of bodies was
intercepted and cut-off on the teletype wire by the FBI.
Loretta Proctor: Neighbor of rancher Mack Brazel. Brazel told her and her
husband of finding strange material before going to Roswell, and showing
them a wood-like piece that couldn't be cut or burned. They advised him to
go to Roswell and report it. Brazel was detained at the base and complained
bitterly of his treatment when he returned.
Sally Strickland Tadolini: Another neighbor of Brazel's. Although only 9
years old at the time, remembered Mack Brazel's grown son Bill Brazel
bringing over a piece of metallic-looking debris with memory properties to
show to her family (incident corroborated by her mother). Described it as
tough, resembled a smooth "fabric" like silk or satin, and, of
course, unfolded itself to its original shape after being crumpled up.
Independently corroborated Bill Brazel's story of finding material and also
Marcel's of a metallic fabric material with memory properties which he
could blow through (therefore not balloon material). Also remembered the
adults talking about Mack Brazel's bad treatment at hands of military.
Dr. Jesse Marcel Jr.: 11-year old son of Major Marcel in 1947, recounts
how his father woke up his mother and himself in the middle of the night
when he returned from the debris field, showing them the pieces of a "flying
saucer. " Among other material, he distinctly remembers a small metallic "I-
beam" with purplish "hieroglyphics. "
14 "... the Commanding General of the Eighth Air Force... "
"General Roger M. Ramey was a major player in the Roswell Incident, but
information on him is hard to come by. Even though he became a fairly
important Air Force general in the early 1950s, for some reason the Air
Force biographical Web page on their generals doesn't list him.
Ramey was born in 1903 in Sulphur Springs, Texas, but grew up in Denton,
Texas, about 40 miles north of Fort Worth. He graduated from North Texas
State Teachers College in Denton and wanted to study medicine. But he won
a rodeo competition and "preferred working on a ranch to books. "
He was the mess sergeant in a local National Guard unit, and the captain
insisted young "Cowboy" Ramey take the competitive examination for
entrance to the U. S. Military Academy, winning the West Point
appointment. He entered West Point in 1924.
July 26, 1946: Ramey wrote Roswell intelligence chief Major Jesse Marcel a


--- Page 154 ---
commendation for his work during Crossroads, citing his important
contributions to security, his handling of complex intelligence matters, and
the perfection of his staff briefings. A year later, Marcel was to handle the
initial investigation into the strange crash debris found by rancher
Mac Brazel near Roswell and fly the debris to Fort Worth for examination
by Gen. Ramey.
June 30, 1947: Ramey and his intelligence chief were giving press
interviews and debunking the new flying saucer phenomenon.
July 6, 1947: Ramey spent all day attending an air show in his home town of
Denton, TX (and probably visiting relatives). Meanwhile, back in Fort
Worth with Ramey away from the base, his chief of staff, Brig. Gen. Thomas
Dubose, said he first learned of the find at Roswell by phone from SAC
acting chief of staff Gen. McMullen. According to Dubose, McMullen
ordered debris samples flown immediately to Washington by "colonel
courier, " first stopping in Fort Worth. The whole operation was carried out
under the strictest secrecy, said Dubose. McMullen ordered him not to tell
anyone, not even Ramey.
July 8, 1947: The infamous Roswell base flying disk press release and
Ramey's subsequent debunking of it as a weather balloon. According to
Dubose, McMullen ordered the cover-up in another phone call to Dubose
from Washington. Both Dubose and Roswell intelligence chief Jesse Marcel
said the weather balloon was not what Marcel brought from Roswell, being
nothing but a cover story to get rid of the press.
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
15    "... U. S. Women's Army Air Force... "
"The Women's Army Corps (WAC) was the women's branch of the US Army.
It was created as an auxiliary unit, the Women's Army Auxiliary Corps in
1942, and converted to full status as the WAC in 1943. About 150,000
American women served in the WAAC and WAC during World War II. They
were the first women other than nurses to serve with the Army. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
16    "... Flight Nurse"...
"The Flight Nurse Badge is issued in two different versions, one for the
Navy and the other for the Air Force. To be awarded the Flight Nurse


--- Page 155 ---
Badge, a service member must be a commissioned officer and a Registered
Nurse and must also complete training normally befitting the award of the
Aircrew Badge. The Flight Nurse Badge is then presented after
a probationary period of in-flight instruction and observation. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
17    ... "Sheridan Cavitt of the Counter Intelligence
Officer"...
(Please see the following Footnote)
18    "... I was asked to accompany Mr. Cavitt, the
Counter Intelligence officer, to the crash site as the
driver of his vehicle...
"Most of the testimony in this (the following) document is from the 1992
book “Crash at Corona" by Stanton Friedman and Don Berliner, published
in the United States by Paragon House. That book contains lots of other
interesting material, including material regarding another crash site in New
Mexico.
Sequence of Events:
On July 2, 1947, during the evening, a flying saucer crashed on the Foster
Ranch near Corona, New Mexico. The crash occurred during a severe
thunderstorm. (The military base nearest the crash site is in Roswell, New
Mexico; hence, Roswell is more closely associated with this event than
Corona, even though Corona is closer to the crash site. )
On July 3, 1947, William “Mac" Brazel (rhymes with “frazzle") and his 7-
year-old neighbor Dee Proctor found the remains of the crashed flying
saucer. Brazel was foreman of the Foster Ranch. The pieces were spread out
over a large area, perhaps more than half a mile long. When Brazel drove
Dee back home, he showed a piece of the wreckage to Dee’s parents, Floyd
and Loretta Proctor. They all agreed the piece was unlike anything they
had ever seen.
On July 6, 1947, Brazel showed pieces of the wreckage to Chaves County
Sheriff George Wilcox. Wilcox called Roswell Army Air Field (AAF) and
talked to Major Jesse Marcel, the intelligence officer. Marcel drove to the
sheriff’s office and inspected the wreckage. Marcel reported to his


--- Page 156 ---
commanding officer, Colonel William “Butch" Blanchard. Blanchard
ordered Marcel to get someone from the Counter Intelligence Corps, and to
proceed to the ranch with Brazel, and to collect as much of the wreckage as
they could load into their two vehicles.
Soon after this, military police arrived at the sheriff’s office, collected the
wreckage Brazel had left there, and delivered the wreckage to Blanchard’s
office. The wreckage was then flown to Eighth Air Force headquarters in
Fort Worth, and from there to Washington.
Meanwhile, Marcel and Sheridan Cavitt of the Counter Intelligence Corps
drove to the ranch with Mac Brazel. They arrived late in the evening. They
spent the night in sleeping bags in a small out-building on the ranch, and in
the morning proceeded to the crash site.
On July 7, 1947, Marcel and Cavitt collected wreckage from the crash site.
After filling Cavitt’s vehicle with wreckage, Marcel told Cavitt to go on
ahead, that Marcel would collect more wreckage, and they would meet later
back at Roswell AAF. Marcel filled his vehicle with wreckage. On the way
back to the air field, Marcel stopped at home to show his wife and son the
strange material he had found.
On July 7, 1947, around 4: 00 pm, Lydia Sleppy at Roswell radio station
KSWS began transmitting a story on the teletype machine regarding a
crashed flying saucer out on the Foster Ranch. Transmission was
interrupted, seemingly by the FBI.
On July 8, 1947, in the morning, Marcel and Cavitt arrived back at Roswell
AAF with two carloads of wreckage. Marcel accompanied this wreckage, or
most it, on a flight to Fort Worth AAF.
On July 8, 1947, around noon, Colonel Blanchard at Roswell AAF ordered
Second Lieutenant Walter Haut to issue a press release telling the country
that the Army had found the remains of a crashed a flying saucer. Haut was
the public information officer for the 509th Bomb Group at Roswell AAF.
Haut delivered the press release to Frank Joyce at radio station KGFL.
Joyce waited long enough for Haut to return to the base, then called
Haut there to confirm the story. Joyce then sent the story on the Western
Union wire to the United Press bureau.
On July 8, 1947, in the afternoon, General Clemence McMullen in
Washington spoke by telephone with Colonel (later Brigadier General)
Thomas DuBose in Fort Worth, chief of staff to Eighth Air Force
Commander General Roger Ramey. McMullen ordered DuBose to tell
Ramey to quash the flying saucer story by creating a cover story, and to
send some of the crash material immediately to Washington.


--- Page 157 ---
On July 8, 1947, in the afternoon, General Roger Ramey held a press
conference at Eighth Air Force headquarters in Fort Worth in which he
announced that what had crashed at Corona was a weather balloon, not a
flying saucer. To make this story convincing, he showed the press the
remains of a damaged weather balloon that he claimed was the
actual wreckage from the crash site. (Apparently, the obliging press did not
ask why the Army hurriedly transported weather balloon wreckage to Fort
Worth, Texas, site of the press conference, from the crash site in a remote
area of New Mexico. )
The only newspapers that carried the initial flying saucer version of the
story were evening papers from the Midwest to the West, including the
Chicago Daily News, the Los Angeles Herald Express, the San Francisco
Examiner, and the Roswell Daily Record. The New York Times, the
Washington Post, and the Chicago Tribune were morning papers and so
carried only the cover-up story the next morning.
At some point, a large group of soldiers were sent to the debris field on the
Foster Ranch, including a lot of MPs whose job was to limit access to the
field. A wide search was launched well beyond the limits of the debris field.
Within a day or two, a few miles from the debris field, the main body of the
flying saucer was found, and a mile or two from that several bodies of small
humanoids were found.
The military took Mac Brazel into custody for about a week, during which
time he was seen on the streets of Roswell with a military escort. His
behavior aroused the curiosity of friends when he passed them without any
sign of recognition. Following this period of detention, Brazel repudiated
his initial story. "
— Reference: http://ufo. jack. sk/unidentified-flying-objects/rosweN/
"... I discovered that one of the personnel on board the craft had survived the
crash... "
The following is a verbatim copy of the signed Affidavit submitted on 8-7-
1991 by Glenn Dennis, a mortician, in Roswell, N. M. at the time of the
incident described in the letter from Mrs. MacElroy: (PLEASE NOTE: Mrs.
MacElroy is NOT the same nurse that Mr. Dennis mentions in his Affidavit.
Although no official identification has been made, several witnesses have
identified "Nurse X" as 1st Lt. Adeline "Eileen" Fanton. )
"AFFIDAVIT OF GLENN DENNIS
(1)    My name is Glenn Dennis
(2)    My address is: XXXXXXXXXX


--- Page 158 ---
(3)    I am () employed as: _ () retired,
(4)    In July 1947, I was a mortician, working for the Ballard Funeral Home
in Roswell, which had a contract to provide mortuary services for the
Roswell Army Air Field. One afternoon, around 1: 15 or 1: 30, I received a
call from the base mortuary officer who asked what was the smallest size
hermetically sealed casket that we had in stock. He said, "We need to
know this in case something comes up in the future. " He asked how long it
would take to get one, and I assured him I could get one for him the
following day. He said he would call back if they needed one.
(5)    About 45 minutes to an hour later, he called back and asked me to
describe the preparation for bodies that had been lying out on the desert for
a period of time. Before I could answer, he said he specifically wanted to
know what effect the preparation procedures would have on the body's
chemical compounds, blood and tissues. I explained that our chemicals were
mainly strong solutions of formaldehyde and water, and that the
procedure would probably alter the body's chemical composition. I offered
to come out to the base to assist with any problem he might have, but he
reiterated that the information was for future use. I suggested that if he had
such a situation that I would try to freeze the body in dry ice for storage and
transportation.
(6)    Approximately a hour or an hour and 15 minutes later, I got a call to
transport a serviceman who had a laceration on his head and perhaps a
fractured nose. I gave him first aid and drove him out to the base. I got there
around 5: 00 PM.
(7)    Although I was a civilian, I usually had free access on the base
because they knew me.
I drove the ambulance around to the back of the base infirmary and parked
it next to another ambulance. The door was open and inside I saw some
wreckage. There were several pieces which looked like the bottom of a
canoe, about three feet in length. It resembled stainless steel with a purple
hue, as if it had been exposed to high temperature. There was some strange-
looking writing on the material resembling Egyptian hieroglyphics. Also
there were two MPs present. 1
He asked me who I was and what I was doing here. I told him, and he
instructed me to stay there. I said, "It looks like you've got a crash; would
you like me to get ready? " He told me to stay right there. Then two MPs
came up and began to escort me out of the infirmary.
They said they had orders to follow me out to the funeral home.
(9)    We got about 10 or 15 feet when I heard a voice say, "We’re not


--- Page 159 ---
through with that SOB. Bring him back. " There was another Captain, a
redhead with the meanest-looking eyes I had ever seen, who said, "You did
not see anything, there was no crash here, and if you say anything you could
get into a lot of trouble. " I said, "Hey look mister, I'm a civilian and
you can't do a damn thing to me. " He said, "Yes we can; somebody will be
picking your bones out of the sand. " There was a black Sergeant with a pad
in his hand who said, "He would make good dog food for our dogs. " The
Captain said, "Get the SOB out. " The MPs followed me back to the funeral
home.
(10)    The next day, I tried to call the nurse to see what was going on. About
11: 00 AM, she called the funeral home and said, "I need to talk to you. "
We agreed to meet at the officers club. She was very upset. She said, "Before
I talk to you, you have to give me a sacred oath that you will never mention
my name, because I could get into a lot of trouble. " I agreed.
(11)    She said she had gone to get supplies in a room where two doctors
were performing a prelimary autopsy. The doctors said they needed her to
take notes during the procedure. She said she had never smelled anything so
horrible in her life, and the sight was the most gruesome she had ever seen.
She said, "This was something no one has ever seen. " As she spoke, I was
concerned that she might go into shock.
(12)    She drew me a diagram of the bodies, including an arm with a hand
that had only four fingers; the doctors noted that on the end of the fingers
were little pads resembling suction cups. She said the head was
disproportionately large for the body; the eyes were deeply set; the skulls
were flexible; the nose was concave with only two orifices; the mouth was
a fine slit, and the doctors said there was heavy cartilage instead of teeth.
The ears were only small orifices with flaps. They had no hair, and the skin
was black--perhaps due to exposure in the sun. She gave me the drawings.
(13)    There were three bodies; two were very mangled and dismembered,
as if destroyed by predators; one was fairly intact. They were three-and-a-
half to four feet tall. She told me the doctors said: "This isn't anything we’ve
ever see before; there's nothing in the medical textbooks like this. " She said
she and the doctors became ill. They had to turn off the air conditioning and
were afraid the smell would go through the hospital. They had to move
the operation to an airplane hangar.
(14)    I drove her back to the officers' barracks. The next day I called the
hospital to see how she was, and they said she wasn't available. I tried to get
her for several days, and finally got one of the nurses who said the
Lieutenant had been transferred out with some other personnel. About 10
days to two weeks later, I got a letter from her with an APO number. She


--- Page 160 ---
indicated we could discuss the incident by letter in the future. I wrote back
to her and about two weeks later the letter came back marked "Return to
Sender--DECEASED. " Later, one of the nurses at the base said the rumor
was that she and five other nurses had been on a training mission and had
been killed in a plane crash.
(15)    Sheriff George Wilcox and my father were very close friends. The
Sheriff went to my folks' house the morning after the events at the base and
said to my father, "I don't know what kind of trouble Glenn's in, but you tell
your son that he doesn't know anything and hasn't seen anything at the base.
" He added, "They want you and your wife's name, and they want your and
your children's addresses. " My father immediately drove to the
funeral home and asked me what kind of trouble I was in. He related the
conversation with Sheriff Wilcox, and so I told him about the events of the
previous day. He is the only person to whom I have told this story until
recently.
(16)    I had filed away the sketches the nurse gave me that day. Recently, at
the request of a researcher, I tried to locate my personal files at the funeral
home, but they had all been destroyed.
(17)    I have not been paid or given anything of value to make this
statement, which is the truth to the best of my recollection.
Signed: Glenn Dennis Date: 8-7-91"
-- Reference: http://roswellproof. homestead.com/Dennis. html (Copyright
©2001 by David Rudiak. E-Mail: drudiak@lmi. net )
1
  I checked the airman in and went to the staff lounge to have a Coke. I
intended to look for a nurse, a 2nd Lieutenant, who had been commissioned
about three months earlier right out of college. She was 23 years of age at
the time (I was 22). I saw her coming out of one of the examining rooms
with a cloth over her mouth. She said, "My gosh, get out of here or you’re
going to be in a lot of trouble. " She went into another door where a Captain
stood.


--- Page 161 ---
20    "... telepathic thought... "
"Telepathy, from the Greek, tele meaning "remote" and patheia meaning "to
be affected by", describes the purported transfer of information on thoughts
or feelings between individuals by means other than the five classical
senses. The term was coined in 1882 by the classical scholar Fredric W. H.
Myers, a founder of the Society for Psychical Research, specifically to
replace the earlier expression thought-transference. A person who is able
to make use of telepathy is said to be able to read the minds of others.
Telepathy, along with psychokinesis forms the main branches of
parapsychological research, and many studies seeking to detect and
understand telepathy have been done within the field.
Telepathy is a common theme in fiction and science fiction, with many
superheroes and supervillains having telepathic abilities. Such abilities
include both sensing the thoughts of others, and controlling the minds of
other people. Transhumanists believe that technologically enabled
telepathy, called "techlepathy", will be the inevitable future of humanity,
and seek to develop practical, safe devices for directly connecting human
nervous systems. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
21    "... I was the only women at the site... "
"Another story about the alien bodies and a vanishing nurse came from Pete
and Ruben Anaya, who said they picked up N. M. Lt. Governor Joseph
Montoya outside the large base hangar. Besides the hangar being heavily
guarded by MPs, they said there was a base nurse (or maybe two different
nurses) who came outside the hangar and spoke briefly with them. Ruben
said she told him that the bodies were "not from this world" and then
noticed one of them moving. Ruben said he then went to take a look and also
glimpsed two small bodies from a distance under sheets inside the hangar
and one of them moving. He described the nurse he spoke to as blondish and
heavyset. [Note: Of the five nurses that are pictured in the base yearbook
from around June/July 1947, none of them appear blondish or heavyset,
though.
In contrast, Pete Anaya said he knew the nurse he spoke to from the
Officer's Club (his brother Ruben worked there as a cook), had danced with
her once the previous Halloween at a party, said she resembled his wife


--- Page 162 ---
Mary, and was a beautiful women with beautiful hair. He wanted to go
inside the hangar to see what was going on, and she told him he didn't want
to see anything. After that, he said he never saw her again. (Source: Tim
Shawcross, The Roswell File, 1997)
Former Roswell police chief L. M. Hall remembered Dennis telling him only
a few days after the newspaper stories of the crashed flying saucer, about
strange calls from the base for child-size caskets "to ship or bury those
aliens. "
Another witness that recently came forth to corroborate parts of Dennis'
story was S/Sgt. Milton Sprouse, then a B-29 crew chief with the 830th
Bomb Squadron. Sprouse said he spoke to Dennis several years later while
Dennis handled a funeral for a friend. Dennis told him he had received a
call from the base for five children's caskets for a crash that had happened 2
or 3 days before. Thus it seems that Dennis' story of the child casket call is
not of recent origin but dates back to the original event itself.
Sprouse said the bodies were taken to a hangar heavily guarded by MPs
with machine guns. He also said he knew something about the autopsy
initially described by Dennis. A fellow staff sergeant in his barracks, who
worked as an emergency room medic at the base hospital, was called out
there. When he came back he related that an autopsy on one or two of the
"humanoid bodies" had been carried out by two doctors and two nurses. His
friend said he had seen the bodies. Similar to Dennis' nurse, the sergeant
was transferred the following day and nobody ever found out what became
of him.
Sprouse also heard that the doctors and nurses involved with the autopsy
were also transferred and nobody found out what became of them either.
Five members of his ground crew were also sent to the ranch to help clean
up the debris field. They told him the material was "out of this world, "
including foil that when crumpled returned to its original shape. "
-- Reference: (San Diego Union-Tribune story, 10/26/2007; North County
Times story, 9/30/2007 --San Diego, Riverside)
22 "... prehensile... "
"The word is derived from the Latin term prehendere, meaning "to grasp. "
It is the quality of an organ that has adapted for grasping or holding.
Examples of prehensile body parts include the tails of New World monkeys
and opossums, the trunks of elephants, the tongues of giraffes, the lips of
horses and the proboscides of tapir. The hands of primates are


--- Page 163 ---
all prehensile to varying degrees, and many species (even a few humans)
have prehensile feet as well. The claws of cats are also prehensile. Many
extant lizards have prehensile tails (geckos, chameleons, and a species of
skink). The fossil record shows prehensile tails in lizards (Simiosauria)
going back many million years to the Triassic period.
Prehensility is an evolutionary adaptation that has afforded species a great
natural advantage in manipulating their environment for feeding, digging,
and defense. It enables many animals, such as primates, to use tools in order
to complete tasks that would otherwise be impossible without highly
specialized anatomy. For example, chimpanzees have the ability to use
sticks to fish for termites and grubs. However, not all prehensile organs are
applied to tool use- the giraffe tongue, for instance, is instead used in
feeding and self-cleaning behaviors. "


--- Page 164 ---
23    "... able to detect waves or particles
beyond the visual spectrum of light. "
The visible spectrum (or sometimes called the optical spectrum) is the
portion of the electromagnetic spectrum that is visible to (can be detected
by) the human eye. Electromagnetic radiation in this range of wavelengths
is called visible light or simply light.
A typical human eye will respond to wavelengths in air from about 380 to
750 nm. The corresponding wavelengths in water and other media are
reduced by a factor equal to the refractive index. In terms of frequency, this
corresponds to a band in the vicinity of 400-790 terahertz. A light-adapted
eye generally has its maximum sensitivity at around 555 nm (540 THz), in
the green region of the optical spectrum. The spectrum does not, however,
contain all the colors that the human eyes and brain can distinguish. Brown,
pink, and magenta are absent, for example, because they need a mix of
multiple wavelengths, preferably shades of red.
Wavelengths visible to the eye also pass through the "optical window", the
region of the electromagnetic spectrum which passes largely unattenuated
through the Earth's atmosphere (although blue light is scattered more than
red light, which is the reason the sky is blue). The response of the human eye
is defined by subjective testing, but the atmospheric windows are defined by
physical measurement. The "visible window" is so called because it overlaps
the human visible response spectrum; the near infrared windows lie just out
of human response window, and the Medium Wavelength and Long
Wavelength or Far Infrared are far beyond the human response region.
The eyes of many species perceive wavelengths different from the spectrum
visible to the human eye. For example, many insects, such as bees, can see
light in the ultraviolet, which is useful for finding nectar in flowers. For this
reason, plant species whose life cycles are linked to insect pollination may
owe their reproductive success to their appearance in ultraviolet light,
rather than how colorful they appear to our eyes. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 165 ---
24    "... this may have included the full
range of the electromagnetic spectrum... "
"The electromagnetic spectrum is the range of all possible electromagnetic
radiation. The "electromagnetic spectrum" (usually just spectrum) of an
object is the characteristic distribution of electromagnetic radiation from
that object.
The electromagnetic spectrum extends from below the frequencies used for
modern radio (at the long-wavelength end) through gamma radiation (at the
short-wavelength end), covering wavelengths from thousands of kilometres
down to a fraction the size of an atom. It's thought that the short wavelength
limit is the vicinity of the Planck length, and the long wavelength limit is the
size of the universe itself, although in principle the spectrum is infinite
and continuous. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 166 ---
25    "... her gaze seemed to penetrate right
through me, as though she had "x-
ray vision".
"In fictional stories, X-ray vision has generally been portrayed as the ability
to see through layers of objects at the discretion of the holder of this
superpower. People often pretend to
have this ability through the use of X-ray glasses, which are a special type
of "joke-around" or prank-gag toys with the secret of its "x-ray properties"
being unknown. The goal is usually to see through clothing, usually to
determine if someone is carrying a concealed weapon, but sometimes for
purpose of seeing a person's private parts. In the non-fictional realm, X-
rays have many practical uses in the fields of science and medicine. While
there are devices currently extant which can "see" through clothing (using
terahertz waves), most are quite bulky. However, there are night vision
equipped video cameras that can be modified to see through clothing at a
frequency just below visible light. "
-- Source Reference: Wikipedia.org
26    ... "Technically, from a medical standpoint, I
would say that Airl's body could not even be called
"alive". "
"The word "organism" may broadly be defined as an assembly of molecules
that function as a more or less stable whole and has the properties of life.
However, many sources, lexical and scientific, add conditions that are
problematic to defining the word.
The Oxford English Dictionary defines an organism as "[an] individual
animal, plant, or single-celled life form" This definition problematically
excludes non-animal and plant multicellular life forms such as some fungi
and protista. Less controversially, perhaps, it excludes viruses and
theoretically-possible man-made non-organic life forms.
Chambers Online Reference provides a much broader definition: "any living
structure, such as a plant, animal, fungus or bacterium, capable of growth
and reproduction". The definition "any life form capable of independent


--- Page 167 ---
reproduction, organic or otherwise" would encompass all cellular life, as
well as the possibility of synthetic life capable of independent
reproduction, but would exclude viruses, which are dependent on the
biochemical machinery of a host cell for reproduction. Some may use a
definition that would also include viruses. "
-- Source Reference: Wikipedia.org
27    "... in space there is not gravity... "
"The terms gravitation and gravity are mostly interchangeable in everyday
use, but in scientific usage a distinction may be made. "Gravitation" is a
general term describing the attractive influence that all objects with mass
exert on each other, while "gravity" specifically refers to a force that is
supposed in some theories (such as Newton's) to be the cause of
this attraction. By contrast, in general relativity gravitation is due to space-
time curvatures that cause inertially moving objects to accelerate towards
each other.
Isaac Newton's theory of universal gravitation is a physical law describing
the gravitational attraction between bodies with mass. It is a part of
classical mechanics and was first formulated in Newton's work Philosophiae
Naturalis Principia Mathematica, published in 1687. In modern language it
states the following:
Every point mass attracts every other point mass by a force pointing along
the line intersecting both points. The force is proportional to the product of
the two masses and inversely proportional to the square of the distance
between the point masses: where:
•    F is the magnitude of the gravitational force between the two point
masses,
•    G is the gravitational constant,
• m1 is the mass of the first point mass,
• m2 is the mass of the second point mass,
•    r is the distance between the two point masses. “
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org 28 "... stenographer... "
"Shorthand is an abbreviated and/or symbolic writing method that increases
speed or brevity of writing as compared to a normal method of writing a
language. The process of writing in shorthand is called stenography, from
the Greek stenos (narrow) and graphe (writing). It has also been called


--- Page 168 ---
brachygraphy, from Greek brachys (short) and tachygraphy, from
Greek tachys (swift, speedy), depending on whether compression or speed of
writing is the goal. Many forms of shorthand exist. A typical shorthand
system provides symbols or abbreviations for words and common phrases,
which allow someone well trained in the system to write as quickly as people
speak. Shorthand was used more widely in the past, before the invention of
recording and dictation machines. " -- Reference: Wikipedia.org
29 "... INVESTIGATION OF "BURNING CLOUDS" / RADIATION /
EXPLOSIONS... " "July 16, 1945... " -- The first test of a nuclear device
was made in the desert north of Alamogordo, New Mexico. Roswell, New
Mexico is only 117 miles from Alamogordo.
NOTE: In 1932 that British explorers in Model-A Fords first visited this
area of western Egypt, where they discovered a mysterious yellow-green
glass scattered across the surface. Ever since, Libyan Desert Glass has
fascinated scientists, who have dreamed up all sorts of ideas about how it
could have formed. It’s too silica rich to be volcanic. In some ways
it resembles the tektites generated by the high pressures associated with
asteroid impacts. Vincenzo de Michele visited the Egyptian Museum in
Cairo, and noticed that one of King Tutankhamun’s jeweled breastplates
contained a carved scarab that looked suspiciously like a piece of the glass.
A simple optical measurement confirmed the match in 1998.
Nuclear explosions are hot enough to fuse surface materials into glass, much
like the first atomic explosion generated yellow - green glass at the Trinity,
New Mexico site in 1945. Many similar sites around the world that are
associated with unexplainable "cataclysmic" events reveal the same yellow -
green glass. This "yellow-green glass" has been discovered in strata of rock
which contain dinosaur fossils all over the world.
June 30, 1947 -- "The Evaluation of the Atomic Bomb as a Military
Weapon", made by the Atomic Energy Commission was received by
President Truman. With a brilliant flourish of suicidal logic, that only the
military, politicians other lunatics are capable of fathoming,
the recommendation of the Commission, based on explosions of bombs in
Alamogordo, New Mexico, on innocent civilians in two Japanese cities, and
on the Marshall Islands, was as follows: (Seriously, you can't make this shit
up, folks! )
"PART III -- Conclusions and Recommendations
Section One - CONCLUSIONS
1. The Board has reached the following major conclusions:
(1)    If used in numbers, atomic bombs not only can nullify any nation's


--- Page 169 ---
military effort, but can demolish its social and economic structures and
prevent their reestablishment for long periods of time. With such weapons,
especially if employed in conjunction with other weapons of mass
destruction as, for example, pathogenic bacteria, it is quite possible to
depopulate vast areas of the earth's surface, leaving only vestigial
remnants of man's material works.
(2)    The threat of the uncontrolled use of the atomic bomb and of other
weapons of mass destruction is a threat to mankind and to civilization. Only
the outlawing of all war and the setting up on an adequate international
control of weapons of mass destruction can lift this threat from the peoples
of the world.
(3)    In the absence of absolute guarantees of abiding peace, the United
States has not alternative but to continue the manufacture and stockpiling of
weapons of nuclear fission and to carry on continuous research and
development for their improvement in the means of their delivery. "
(REFERENCE: President's Secretary's File, Truman Papers.
(
http://www.trumanlibrary.org/whistlestop/study_collections/bomb/large/inde
php )
July 8, 1947 -- Alien space craft crashes at Roswell, NM while investigation
nuclear testing in the area. -- The Editor
30    "... trillions... "
One thousand thousand = one million. ( 1,000,000 )
One thousand million = one billion. ( 1,000,000,000 )
One thousand billion = one trillion. ( 1,000,000,000,000 )
"The English names for large numbers are coined from the Latin names for
small numbers n by adding the ending -illion suggested by the name
"million. " Thus billion and trillion are coined from the Latin prefixes bi- (n
= 2) and tri- (n = 3), respectively.
In recent years, American usage has eroded the European number
definitions, particularly in Britain and to a lesser extent in other countries.
This is primarily due to American finance, because Americans insist that
$1,000,000,000 be called a billion dollars. In 1974, the government of
Prime Minister Harold Wilson announced that henceforth "billion" would
mean 109 and not 1012 in official British reports and statistics. Anyone who
uses the words "billion" and "trillion" internationally should make clear
which meaning of those words is intended. "


--- Page 170 ---
-- Reference: Russ Rowlett and the University of North Carolina at Chapel
Hill.
31    "... her name was Gertrude something or other... "
This was probably Gertrude R. Schmeidler, who was a notable experimental
psychologist and parapsychologist at the time. She published journal articles
and books about how various factors and traits affect a person's extrasensory
perception (ESP) abilities.
Studied the role of women in parapsychology, and formed groups and
institutes interested in the study of ESP, such as the American Society for
Psychical Research, the Duke University Parapsychology Laboratory, and
the Parapsychology Foundation, Inc.
Reflected in much of her research is the work for which Schmeidler is most
notable, the development of the metaphor of the sheep and goats. She
determined through several cycles of ESP card-guessing experiments that
"sheep" (persons who believed that success was possible in ESP tasks)
scored higher than "goats" (those who rejected the possibility of success).
-- Reference: http://library. duke. edu/
32
... Krishnamurti... "
"Jiddu Krishnamurti (May 12, 1895 - February 17, 1986) was born into a
Telugu Brahmin family in Madanapalle, India, and in 1909 met C. W.
Leadbeater on the private beach at the Theosophical Society headquarters
at Adyar in Madras (now Chennai), India. He was subsequently raised
under the tutelage of Annie Besant and C. W. Leadbeater, leaders of
the Society at the time, who believed him to be a "vehicle" for an expected
"World Teacher". As a young man, he disavowed this idea and dissolved a
world-wide organization (the Order of the Star) established to support it. He
spent the rest of his life traveling the world as an individual speaker,
speaking to large and small groups, as well as with interested
individuals. He was a well-known writer and speaker on fundamental
philosophical and spiritual subjects. His subject matter included (but was
not limited to): the purpose of meditation, human relationships, and how to
enact positive change in global society. At the age of 34, he publicly
renounced the fame and messiah status he had gained from being
proclaimed the new incarnation of the Maitreya Buddha by the
Theosophical Society, and spent the rest of his life publishing regularly and
holding public talks, mostly in South Asia, Europe and the United States. At
age 90 he addressed the United Nations on the subject of peace
and awareness, and was awarded the 1984 UN Peace Medal. "


--- Page 171 ---
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
33    "... The powers that be... "
"Meaning -- The established government of authority.
Origin -- From the Bible, Romans 13: 1 (King James Version): "Let every
soul be subject unto the higher powers. For there is no power but of God:
The powers that be are ordained of God. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
34    "... Columbus... "
"The name Christopher Columbus is the Anglicization of the Latin
Christophorus Columbus. Also well known are his name's rendering in
modern Italian as Cristoforo Colombo, in Portuguese as Cristovao
Colombo (formerly Christovam Colom), and in Spanish as Cristobal Colon.
"
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
"Pre-Columbian trans-oceanic contacts involve the interactions between
the indigenous peoples of the Americas and peoples of other continents -
Europe, Africa, Asia, or Oceania - before the arrival of Christopher
Columbus in 1492. Many such events have been
proposed at various times, based on historical reports, archaeological finds,
and cultural comparisons. "
(Please refer to the following website address for
details of many other contacts with the "new world"
before Columbus):
http://en. wikipedia.org/wiki/Pre-Columbian_trans-oceanic_contact
35    "... unexplored universe... "
That is, "unexplored" by homo sapiens. Much like Columbus, who
"discovered" the Western Hemisphere, which had not yet been explored by
Europeans, it had obviously been explored by the millions of indigenous


--- Page 172 ---
inhabitants long before Europe existed.
If any of the information in the "Alien Interview" transcripts is factual, it
appears that the universe has been very, very thoroughly explored indeed --
but not be humans.
-- The Editor
36    "... show us on a map of the stars which is the
star of your home planet... "
"There are probably more than 100 billion (1011) galaxies in the observable
universe. Most galaxies are 1,000 to 100,000parsecs (approximately 3.
086*1016 m, 3. 262 light-years or 19, 176, 075, 967, 324. 937 miles) in
diameter and are usually separated by distances on the order of millions of
parsecs (or megaparsecs). Intergalactic space (the space between galaxies)
is filled with a tenuous gas of an average density less than one atom per
cubic meter.
Beginning in the 1990s, the Hubble Space Telescope yielded improved
observations.
Among other things, it established that the missing dark matter in our
galaxy cannot solely consist of inherently faint and small stars. The Hubble
Deep Field, an extremely long exposure of a relatively empty part of the sky,
provided evidence that there are (at least)
125 billion galaxies in the universe. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
37    "... a Japanese language specialist from the
Navy... "
"John A. Kneubuhl, was of mixed Samoan/American ancestry, John was an
acclaimed Pacific Island playwright who died in 1992. Born of Samoan,
English and German ancestry, Kneubuhl grew up in his Samoan
grandmother's thatched hut until he was 13 years old. He was educated at
Punahou and Yale and wrote plays for the Honolulu Community Theater.
He joined the US Navy in 1942, entering the US Navy Japanese Language
School at the University of Colorado in July 1942 and graduated in August
1943. He served as a Navy Japanese Language Officer. After the War, he
spent 20 years as a TV writer in Hollywood, writing scripts for the Wild,


--- Page 173 ---
Wild West, Waterfront, Markham, West Point Story, and other shows. John
wrote the story for the Star Trek: The Original Series episode "Bread
and Circuses", although he did not receive screen credit in the finished
episode.
Overview: Captain Kirk and his companions are forced to fight in
gladiatorial games on a planet modeled after the Roman Empire. "
-- References: Wikipedia.org and
http://209.85.173.104/search? q=cache:zIAm_bPdRQEJ:
ucblibraries.colorado.edu/archives/collections/jlsp/interpreter131.doc+langua
38    "... the Japanese people have a great number of homonyms... "
"In linguistics, a homonym is one of a group of words that share the same
spelling and the same pronunciation but have different meanings. Some
sources only require that homonyms share the same spelling or
pronunciation (in addition to having different meanings). Examples of
homonyms are stalk (which can mean either part of a plant or to
follow someone around), bear (animal) and bear (carry), left (opposite of
right) and left (past tense of leave). Some sources also consider the
following trio of words to be homonyms, but others designate them as "only"
homophones: to, too and two (actually, to, to, too, too and two, being "for
the purpose or as in "to make it easier", the opposite of "from",
also, excessively, and "2", respectively). The word "homonym" comes from
the conjunction of the Greek prefix homo- (meaning same) and suffix -onym
(meaning name). Thus, it refers to two or more distinct words sharing the
"same name". "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
39    "... standard Chinese characters... "
"A Chinese character or Han character (simplified Chinese: S?; traditional
Chinese: pinyin: Hanzi) is a logogram used in writing Chinese, Japanese,
sometimes Korean, and formerly Vietnamese. The number of Chinese
characters contained in the Kangxi dictionary is approximately 47, 035,
although a large number of these are rarely used variants accumulated
throughout history. Studies carried out in China have shown that
full literacy requires a knowledge of between three and four thousand
characters.
In the Chinese writing system, each character corresponds to a single
spoken syllable. A majority of words in all modern varieties of Chinese are
poly-syllabic and thus require two or more characters to write. Cognates in
the various Chinese languages/dialects which have the same or similar


--- Page 174 ---
meaning but different pronunciations can be written with the
same character. In addition, many Chinese characters were adopted
according to their meaning by the Japanese and Korean languages to
represent native words, disregarding pronunciation altogether. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
40 "... McGuffey's Eclectic Readers... "
"McGuffey's Eclectic Readers were written by William Holmes McGuffey
who began teaching school at the age of 14. He was a professor of ancient
languages at Miami University from 1826 until his resignation in 1836. He
then served as president of Cincinnati College (1836-1839) and Ohio
University (1839-1843). Returning to Cincinnati, McGuffey taught at
Woodward College from 1843 until 1845, when he became a professor of
moral philosophy at the University of Virginia. He was ordained as a
Presbyterian minister in 1829. It was during his years at Miami when
McGuffey was approached to write a series of readers for school children.
In addition to the work done on these by William Holmes McGuffey, he was
assisted by his brother, Alexander Hamilton McGuffey, who also compiled a
speller and had sole responsibility for the Fifth Reader. Alexander taught
school while working on his law degree and opened a law office in
Cincinnati in 1839. The McGuffey Readers sold over 125,000,000 copies.
McGuffey became a "roving" teacher at the age of 14, beginning with 48
students in a one room school in Calcutta, Ohio. The size of the class was
just one of several challenges faced
by the young McGuffey. In many one-teacher schools, children's ages varied
from six to twenty-one. McGuffey often worked 11 hours a day, 6 days a
week in a succession of frontier schools. He had a remarkable ability to
memorize, and could commit to mind entire books of the Bible.
The first Reader taught reading by using the phonics method, the
identification of letters and their arrangement into words, and aided with
slate work. The second Reader came into play once the student could read,
and helped them to understand the meaning of sentences while providing
vivid stories which children could remember. The third Reader taught
the definitions of words, and was written at a level equivalent to the modern
5th or 6th grade.
The fourth Reader was written for the highest levels of ability on the
grammar school level, which students completed with this book.
McGuffey’s Readers were among the first textbooks in America that were
designed to become progressively more challenging with each volume. They
used word repetition in the text as a learning tool, which built strong


--- Page 175 ---
reading skills through challenging reading. Sounding-out, enunciation and
accents were emphasized. Colonial-era texts had offered dull lists of 20 to
100 new words per page for memorization. In contrast, McGuffey used
new vocabulary words in the context of real literature, gradually
introducing new words and carefully repeating the old.
McGuffey believed that teachers should study the lessons as well as their
students and suggested they read aloud to their classes. He also listed
questions after each story for he believed in order for a teacher to give
instruction, one must ask questions. The Readers emphasized spelling,
vocabulary, and formal public speaking, which, in 19th century America,
was a more common requirement than today.
Henry Ford cited McGuffey's Readers as one of his most important
childhood influences. He was an avid fan of McGuffey’s Readers first
editions, and claimed as an adult to be able to quote from McGuffey’s by
memory at great length. Ford republished all six Readers from the 1857
edition, and distributed complete sets of them, at his own expense, to schools
across the United States.
McGuffey’s Readers contain many derogatory references to ethnic and
religious minorities. For example, Native Americans are referred to as
"savages". There are those who regard the references in the book to the
Jews and Judaism as anti-Semitic. For instance, in Neil Baldwin's Henry
Ford and the Jews, the author makes the case that Henry Ford's selfavowed
anti-Semitism originated with his study of McGuffey’s as a schoolboy.
Baldwin cites numerous anti-semitic references to Shylock and to Jews
attacking Jesus and Paul. He also quotes the Fourth Reader to the effect
that "Jewish authors were incapable of the diction and strangers to the
morality contained in the gospel. " The readers further characterize Jews as
"Christ killers" and labels their reverence of the Old Testament as
"superstitious, " and teach that Jews have been rejected by God for being
"unfaithful". "
You may download text versions of the McGuffy's Reader from the
following website: http://www.gutenberg.org/etext/14640
41 "... the phonics method... "
"Phonics refers to an instructional method for teaching children to read
English. Phonics involves teaching children to connect sounds with letters
or groups of letters (e. g., that the
sound/k/ can be represented by c, k, or ck spellings) and teaching them to


--- Page 176 ---
blend the sounds of letters together to produce approximate
pronunciations of unknown words. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
42    "... brought in a set of the Encyclopedia Britannica... "
"The Encyclopedia Britannica is a general English-language
encyclopaedia published by Encyclopedia Britannica, Inc., a privately held
company. The Britannica has a popular reputation for summarizing all of
human knowledge. To further their education, many have devoted
themselves to reading the entire Britannica, taking anywhere from three to
22 years to do so. When Fat'h Ali became the Shah of Persia in 1797, he
was given a complete set of the Britannica's 3rd edition, which he read
completely; after this feat, he extended his royal title to include "Most
Formidable Lord and Master of the Encyclopedia Britannica. "
Writer George Bernard Shaw claimed to have read the complete 9th
edition—except for the science articles—and Richard Evelyn Byrd took
the Britannica as reading material for his five-month stay at the South
Pole in 1934.
The articles in the Britannica are aimed at educated adult readers, and
written by a staff of 19 full-time editors and over 4,000 expert contributors.
It is widely perceived as the most scholarly of encyclopaedias. Since the
3rd edition, the Britannica has enjoyed a popular and critical reputation
for general excellence. On the release of the 14th edition, Time
magazine dubbed the Britannica the "Patriarch of the Library". In a
related advertisement, naturalist William Beebe was quoted as saying that
the Britannica was "beyond comparison because there is no competitor. "
References to the Britannica can be found throughout English literature,
most notably in one of Arthur Conan Doyle's favorite Sherlock Holmes
stories,
"The Red-Headed League". "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
43    "... her favorite books were Alice's Adventures in Wonderland... "
"Alice's Adventures in Wonderland (1865) is a work of literary nonsense
written by English author Charles Lutwidge Dodgson under the
pseudonym Lewis Carroll, considered a classic example of the genre and
of English literature in general. It tells the story of a girl named Alice who
falls down a rabbit-hole into a fantastic realm populated by peculiar
and anthropomorphic creatures. The tale is filled with allusions to
Dodgson's friends (and enemies), and to the lessons that British
schoolchildren were expected to memorize. The tale plays with logic in


--- Page 177 ---
ways that have made the story of lasting popularity with adults as well as
children. It is considered to be one of the most characteristic examples of
the genre of literary nonsense, and its narrative course and structure has
been enormously influential, mainly in the fantasy genre. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
44    "... Don Quixote de la Mancha... "
"An early novel written by Spanish author Miguel de Cervantes Saavedra.
Cervantes created a fictional origin for the story based upon a manuscript
by the invented Moorish historian, Cide Hamete Benengeli. The work was
published in two volumes: the first in 1605, and the second in 1614.
The protagonist, Alonso Quixano, is a country gentleman who has read so
many stories of chivalry that he descends into fantasy and becomes
convinced he is a knight errant. Together with his earthy squire Sancho
Panza, the self-styled "Don Quixote de la Mancha" sets out in search of
adventure. The "lady" for whom Quixote seeks to toil is Dulcinea
del Toboso, an imaginary object crafted from a neighboring farm girl (her
real name is Aldonza Lorenzo) by the illusion-struck "knight" to be the
object of his courtly love. "Dulcinea" is totally unaware of Quixote's feelings
for her, nor does she actually appear in the novel.
Published in two volumes a decade apart, Don Quixote is the most
influential work of literature to emerge from the Spanish Golden Age and
perhaps the entire Spanish literary canon. As a founding work of modern
Western literature, it regularly appears at or near the top of lists of the
greatest works of fiction ever published and is the best-selling non-
religious, non-political work of fiction of all time. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
45 "... One Thousand and One Nights... "
"One Thousand and One Nights (Arabic: kitab 'alf laylah wa-laylah;
Persian: ezar-o yak sab) is a collection of stories collected over thousands
of years by various authors, translators and scholars in various countries.
These collections of tales trace their roots back to ancient Arabia and
Yemen, ancient India, ancient Persia (especially the Sassanid Hazar Afsan
Persian: lit. Thousand Tales), ancient Egypt, ancient Mesopotamian
Mythology, ancient Syria, and medieval Arabic folk stories from the
Caliphate era. Though an original manuscript has never been found
several versions date the collection's genesis to somewhere between AD
800-900.
The main frame story concerns a Persian king and his new bride. The king,


--- Page 178 ---
Shahryar, upon discovering his former wife's infidelity has her executed and
then declares all women to be unfaithful. He begins to marry a succession of
virgins only to execute each one the next morning. Eventually the vizier
cannot find any more virgins. Scheherazade, the vizier's daughter, offers
herself as the next bride and her father reluctantly agrees. On the night
of their marriage, Scheherazade tells the king a tale, but does not end it. The
king is thus forced to keep her alive in order to hear the conclusion. The
next night, as soon as she finishes the tale, she begins (and only begins)
another. So it goes for 1, 001 nights.
The tales vary widely: they include historical tales, love stories, tragedies,
comedies, poems, burlesques, various forms of erotica, and Muslim
religious legends. Numerous stories depict djinn, magicians, and legendary
places, which are often intermingled with real people and geography; the
historical caliph Harun al-Rashid is a common protagonist, as are his
alleged court poet Abu Nuwas and his vizier, Ja'far al-Barmaki. Sometimes
a character in Scheherazade's tale will begin telling other characters a story
of his own, and that story may have another one told within it, resulting in a
richly-layered narrative texture.
The different versions have different individually detailed endings (in some
Scheherazade asks for a pardon, in some the king sees their children and
decides not to execute his wife, in some other things happen that make the
king distracted) but they all end with the king giving his wife a pardon and
sparing her life.
The narrator's standards for what constitutes a cliffhanger seem broader
than in modern literature. While in many cases a story is cut off with the
hero in danger of losing his life or another kind of deep trouble, in some
parts of the full text Scheherazade stops her narration in the middle of an
exposition of abstract philosophical principles or complex points of Islamic
philosophy, and in one case during a detailed description of human
anatomy according to Galen—and in all these cases turns out to be justified
in her belief that the king's curiosity about the sequel would buy her another
day of life.
The Indian folklore is represented by certain animal stories, which reflect
influence from ancient Sanskrit fables. The Jataka is a collection of 547
stories, which are for the most part moral stories with an ethical purpose.
The Tale of the Bull and the Ass and the linked Tale of the Merchant and his
Wife are found in the frame stories of both the Jataka and the
Arabian Nights. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 179 ---
46    "... Adventures of Huckleberry Finn... ”
"Adventures of Huckleberry Finn (1884) (often shortened to Huck Finn) by
Mark Twain. The book is noted for its innocent young protagonist, its
colorful description of people and places along the Mississippi River, and its
sober and often scathing look at entrenched attitudes, particularly racism.
The drifting journey of Huckleberry Finn and his friend, runaway slave Jim,
down the Mississippi River on their raft may be one of the most enduring
images of escape and freedom in all of American literature. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
47    "... Gulliver's Travels... "
"Gulliver's Travels (1726, amended 1735), officially Travels into Several
Remote Nations of the World, in Four Parts. By Lemuel Gulliver, First a
Surgeon, and then a Captain of several Ships, is a novel by Jonathan Swift
that is both a satire on human nature and a parody of the "travellers' tales"
literary sub-genre. It is Swift's best known full-length work, and a classic
of English literature. The book became tremendously popular as soon as it
was published (John Gay said in a 1726 letter to Swift that "it is universally
read, from the cabinet council to the nursery"), and it is likely that it has
never been out of print since then. The book presents itself as a simple
travellers narrative with the disingenuous title Travels into Several Remote
Nations of the World, its authorship assigned only to "Lemuel Gulliver,
first a surgeon, then a captain of several ships". "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
48    "... Peter Pan... "
Peter Pan is a character created by Scottish novelist and playwright J. M.
Barrie (18601937). A mischievous boy who flies and magically refuses to
grow up, Peter Pan spends his never-ending childhood adventuring on the
small island of Neverland as the leader of his gang the Lost Boys,
interacting with fairies and pirates, and from time to time meeting ordinary
children from the world outside.
Barrie never described Peter's appearance in detail, leaving much of it to
the imagination of the reader and the interpretation of anyone adapting the


--- Page 180 ---
character. He describes him as a beautiful boy with a beautiful smile, "clad
in skeleton leaves and the juices that flow from trees".
Peter is mainly an exaggerated stereotype of a boastful and careless boy. He
is quick to point out how great he is. Peter has a nonchalant, devil-may-care
attitude, and is fearlessly cocky when it comes to putting himself in danger.
Barrie writes that when Peter thought he was going to die on Marooner’s
Rock, he felt scared, yet he felt only one shudder run through him when any
other person would've felt scared up until death. With his
blissful unawareness of the tragedy of death, he says, "To die will be an
awfully big adventure".
Peter's archetypal ability is his refusal to grow up. Barrie did not explain
how he was able to do this, leaving the implication that it was by an act of
will.
Peter is a skilled swordsman, with the skill to rival even Captain Hook,
whose hand he cut off in a duel. He has remarkably keen vision and hearing.
Peter Pan is said to be able to do almost anything. Peter has an effect on the
whole of Neverland and its inhabitants when he is there. Barrie states that
the island wakes up when he returns from his trip to London.
Peter is the leader of the Lost Boys, a band of boys who were lost by their
parents, and came to live in Neverland. He is friends with Tinker Bell, a
common fairy who is often jealously protective of him. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
49
"... The Legend of Sleepy Hollow... "
"A short story by Washington Irving contained in his collection The Sketch
Book of Geoffrey Crayon, Gent., written while he was living in Birmingham,
England, and first published in 1820. With Irving's companion piece "Rip
Van Winkle", "The Legend of Sleepy Hollow" is among the earliest
American fiction still read today.
The story is set circa 1790 in the Dutch settlement of Tarry Town, New York,
in a secluded glen called Sleepy Hollow. It tells the story of Ichabod Crane,
a lanky schoolmaster from Connecticut, who competes with Abraham "Brom
Bones" Van Brunt, the town rowdy, for the hand of 18-year-old Katrina Van
Tassel, only daughter of a wealthy farmer. As Crane leaves a party at the
Van Tassel home on an autumn night, he is pursued by the
Headless Horseman, supposedly the ghost of a Hessian trooper who lost his
head to a cannonball during "some nameless battle" of the American
Revolutionary War and who "rides forth to the scene of battle in nightly
quest of his head. " Crane disappears from town, leaving Katrina to marry


--- Page 181 ---
Brom Bones, who was "to look exceedingly knowing whenever the story of
Ichabod was related. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
50    "... Sanskrit of the Vedic Hymns... "
"Sanskrit (sa sk ta vak, for short sa sk tam) is a classical language of South
Asia, a liturgical language of Hinduism, Buddhism, Sikhism, Jainism,
and one of the 23 official languages of India.
Its position in the cultures of South and Southeast Asia is akin to that of
Latin and Greek in Europe and it has evolved into, as well as influenced,
many modern-day languages of the world. It appears in pre-Classical form
as Vedic Sanskrit, with the language of the Rigveda being the oldest and
most archaic stage preserved. Dating back to as early as 1500 BCE,
Vedic Sanskrit is the earliest attested Indo-Aryan language, and one of the
earliest attested members of the Indo-European language family.
The corpus of Sanskrit literature encompasses a rich tradition of poetry and
drama as well as scientific, technical, philosophical and religious texts.
Today, Sanskrit continues to be widely used as a ceremonial language in
Hindu religious rituals in the forms of hymns and mantras. Spoken Sanskrit
is still in use in a few traditional institutions in India, and there are some
attempts at revival.
The scope of this article is the Classical Sanskrit language as laid out in the
grammar of Panini, around the 4th century BCE. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
51 "Part of the search required interaction with the human population that
inhabited the adjoining at that time. "
-- Editor's Note: (The western borders of Pakistan include the Khyber Pass
and Bolan Pass, traditional invasion routes between Central Asia. The
closest civilization using Sanskrit at the date and nearest the location of "The
Domain Base" would have been in the foothills of the Himalayas. This was
the in the area of "Mehrgarh", an early beginning of the Indus Valley
civilization which has been recently excavated. )
"(Bolan Pass (Urdu: □□□ □ □□□□) is a mountain pass through the Toba
Kakar Range of mountains in western Pakistan, 120 kilometres from the
Afghanistan border. Strategically located, traders, invaders, and nomadic
tribes have also used it as a gateway to and from the South Asia. )
The Khyber Pass, (also spelled Khaiber or Khaybar) (Urdu: altitude:
1, 070 m, 3, 510 ft) is the mountain pass that links Pakistan and


--- Page 182 ---
Afghanistan. Throughout history it has been an important trade route
between Central Asia and South Asia and a strategic military location.
"Mehrgarh is now seen as a precursor to the Indus Valley Civilization.
"Discoveries at Mehrgarh changed the entire concept of the Indus
civilization, " according to Ahmad Hasan Dani, professor emeritus of
archaeology at Quaid-e-Azam University, Islamabad, "There we have the
whole sequence, right from the beginning of settled village life.
The Kachi plain and in the Bolan basin (are) situated at the Bolan peak
pass, one of the main routes connecting southern Afghanistan, eastern Iran,
the Balochistan hills and the Indus valley. This area of rolling hills is thus
located on the western edge of the Indus valley, where, around 2500 BC, a
large urban civilization emerged at the same time as those of Mesorpotamia
and the ancient Egyptian empire. For the first time in the Indian
subcontinent, a continuous sequence of dwelling-sites has been established
from 7000 BC to 500 BC. The chalcolithic people of Mehrgarh also had
contacts with contemporaneous cultures in northern Afghanistan,
northeastern Iran and southern central Asia.
in April 2006, it was announced in the scientific journal Nature that the
oldest (and first early Neolithic) evidence for the drilling of human teeth in
vivo (i. e. in a living person) was found in Mehrgarh. According to the
authors, their discoveries point to a tradition of proto-dentistry in the early
farming cultures of that region. "Here we describe eleven drilled molar
crowns from nine adults discovered in a Neolithic graveyard in Pakistan
that dates from 7, 500 to 9,000 years ago. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
52 "... they reported sighting "vimanas" or space
craft in the area.. "
"A vimana is a mythical flying machine, described in the Sanskrit epics. The
predecessors of the flying vimanas of the Sanskrit epics are the flying
chariots employed by various gods in the Vedas.
The first flying vimana mentioned in Hindu mythology:
"The Pushpaka chariot that resembles the Sun and belongs to my brother
was brought by the powerful Ravana; that aerial and excellent car going
everywhere at will.... that car resembling a bright cloud in the sky... and the
King [Rama] got in, and the excellent car at the command of the Raghira,
rose up into the higher atmosphere. '


--- Page 183 ---
The Rigveda does not mention Vimanas, but verses RV1.164.47-48 have
been taken as evidence for the idea of "mechanical birds":
"Dark the descent: the birds are golden-coloured; up to the heaven they fly
robed in the waters.
Again descend they from the seat of Order, and all the earth is moistened
with their fatness. "
"Twelve are the fellies, and the wheel is single; three are the naves. What
man hath understood it?
Therein are set together spokes three hundred and sixty, which in nowise
can be loosened. "(trans. Griffith)
In Dayananda Saraswati's "translation", these verses become:
"jumping into space speedily with a craft using fire and water... containing
twelve stamghas (pillars), one wheel, three machines, 300 pivots, and 60
instruments. "
But likelier in the original Indian symbolism when that hymn was composed,
the wheel is a year, the 12 "fellies" are months (lunations), and the 360
spokes are days.
In the Ramayana, the pushpaka ("flowery") vimana of Ravana is described
as follows:
"The Pushpaka chariot that resembles the Sun and belongs to my brother
was brought by the powerful Ravana; that aerial and excellent car going
everywhere at will.... that car resembling a bright cloud in the sky... and the
King [Rama] got in, and the excellent car at the command of the Raghira,
rose up into the higher atmosphere. '
It is the first flying vimana mentioned in Hindu mythology (as distinct from
the gods' flying horse-drawn chariots).
Pushpaka was originally made by Maya for Kubera, the God of wealth, but
was later stolen, along with Lanka, by his half-brother, the demon king
Ravana.
One example is that the Asura Maya had a Vimana measuring twelve cubits
in circumference, with four strong wheels. Apart from 'blazing missiles', the
poem records the use of other deadly weapons. 'Indra's Dart' (Indravajra)
operated via a circular ‘reflector'. When switched on, it produced a 'shaft of
light' which, when focused on any target, immediately 'consumed it with its
power'.
In one exchange, the hero, Krishna, is pursuing his enemy, Salva, in the sky,
when Salva's Vimana, the Saubha, is made invisible in some way.


--- Page 184 ---
Undeterred, Krishna immediately fires off a special weapon: "I quickly laid
on an arrow, which killed by seeking out sound".
Many other terrible weapons are described in the Mahabharata, but the
most fearsome of all is the one used against the Vrishis. The narrative
records:
"Gurkha flying in his swift and powerful Vimana hurled against the three
cities of the Vrishnis and Andhakas a single projectile charged with all the
power of the Universe. An incandescent column of smoke and fire, as
brilliant as ten thousands suns, rose in all its splendour. It was the unknown
weapon, the Iron Thunderbolt, a gigantic messenger of death which reduced
to ashes the entire race of the Vrishnis and Andhakas. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
53    " I have now scanned all of the books and material you provided me.
This has been processed through the computers of the space station in this
region, translated into my own language and relayed back to me. "
Editors Note -- Apparently Airl is able to "scan" something she sees through
the lenses of her "doll body" eyes, upload the data to a computer on the
"space station", have it processed and downloaded to her? Or, maybe she
does it telepathically? This is not clarified anywhere in the transcripts or
notes.
54    "... I was "outside" of my body, looking down
from the ceiling... "
"An out-of-body experience (OBE), is an experience that typically involves
a sensation of floating outside of one's body and, in some cases, perceiving
one's physical body from a place outside one's body (autoscopy). About one
in ten people has reported having an out-of-body experience at some time in
their lives. It is claimed that those experiencing an OBE sometimes observe
details which were unknown to them beforehand.
The first extensive scientific study of OBEs was made by Celia Green
(1968). She collected written, first-hand accounts from a total of 400
subjects, recruited by means of appeals in the mainstream media, and
followed up by questionnaire. some 80% reported feeling they were a
‘disembodied consciousness’, with no external body at all.
Another form of a spontaneous OBE occurs during a near death experience
(NDE). The phenomenology of an NDE usually includes physiological,
psychological and transcendental factors (Parnia, Waller, Yeates &


--- Page 185 ---
Fenwick, 2001) such as impressions of being outside the physical body (an
out-of-body experience), Typically the experience follows a
distinct progression, starting with the sensation of floating above one's body
and seeing the surrounding area. "


--- Page 186 ---
55    ... "the space craft was struck by a bolt
of lighting"...
"Lightning is an atmospheric discharge of electricity, which typically
occurs during thunderstorms, and sometimes during volcanic eruptions or
dust storms. The leader of a bolt of lightning can travel at speeds of 60,000
m/s, and can reach temperatures approaching 30,000 °C (54,000 °F), hot
enough to fuse soil or sand into glass channels. There are over 16 million
lightning storms every year. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 187 ---
56    ... "electronic wavelength"...
"In physics, wavelength is the distance between repeating units of a
propagating wave of a given frequency. It is commonly designated by the
Greek letter lambda (A). Examples of wave-like phenomena are light, water
waves, and sound waves. In a wave, a property varies with the position. For
example, this property can be the air pressure for a sound wave, or
the magnitude of the electric or the magnetic field for light. The wavelengths
of frequencies audible to the human ear (20 Hz-20 kHz) are between
approximately 17 m and 17 mm, respectively. Visible light ranges from deep
red, roughly 700 nm to violet, roughly 400 nm (430-750 THz). For other
examples, see electromagnetic spectrum. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 188 ---
57    ... "space opera" civilization"...
"It was not until the 1920s that the space opera proper appeared in the pulp
magazines Weird Tales and Amazing Stories. Unlike earlier stories of space
adventure, which either related the invasion of Earth by extraterrestrials, or
concentrated on the invention of a space vehicle by a genius inventor, pure
space opera simply took space travel for granted (usually by setting the
story in the far future), skipped the preliminaries, and launched straight
into tales of derring-do among the stars.
The first stories of this type were J. Schlossel's The Second Swarm (Spring
1928) in Amazing Stories Quarterly and Edmond Hamilton's Crashing Suns
(August-September 1928) and The Star Stealers (February 1929) in Weird
Tales. Similar stories by other writers followed through 1929 and 1930; by
1931 the space opera was well-established as a dominant sub-genre of
science fiction.
The transition from the older space-voyage story to the space opera can be
seen in the works of E. E. "Doc" Smith. His first published work, The
Skylark of Space (August-October 1928, Amazing Stories), merges the
traditional tale of a scientist inventing a space-drive with planetary romance
in the style of Edgar Rice Burroughs; but by the time of the sequel, Skylark
Three (August-October 1930, Amazing Stories) which introduces the space
faring race of the Fenachrone, Smith had moved closer to a space opera
mode.
Space opera in its most familiar form was a product of 1930s-40s pulp
magazines. Like early science fiction in general, space opera borrowed
much of its style from established adventure, crime, and thriller genres.
Notable influences included stories that described adventures on exotic or
uncivilized frontiers, e. g. the American West, Africa, or the Orient.
The imagined future of space opera included immense space liners, intrepid
explorers of unknown worlds, pirates of the space ways, and tough but
incorruptible space police.
E. E. "Doc" Smith's later Lensman Series and the works of Edmond
Hamilton, John W. Campbell, and Jack Williamson in the 1930s and 1940s
were popular with readers and much imitated by other writers. By the early
1940s, the repetitiousness and extravagance of some of these stories led to
objections from some fans. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 189 ---
58 "... 1493 AD -- "The Requirement"...
"The Requirement was published as a papal "bull", issued by the infamous
Pope Alexander VI, (Rodrigo Borgia), Roman Catholic Pope from 1492
until his death, is the most memorable of the Popes of the Renaissance.
Because of the pre-existence of millions of people living in the Americas in
1493, the King of Spain, had a small twinge of fear at the prospect that God
might become angry at him for all the murder, theft and mayhem he
endorsed in the New World. So, he persuaded Pope Alexander VI to
sanction an official proclamation intended to dissolve the stain of
bloody culpability from the King's own immortal soul. This document, called
"The Requirement", was supposed to be read, whether translated into the
native language of the inhabitants or not, to the citizens of every foreign
nation just prior to their conquest. The gist of the proclamation was to
inform the soon to be vanquished that their lands were being "donated" to
Spain.
The Requirement read, in part:
"I, (name of the Conquistador), servant of the high and mighty Kings of
Castile and Leon, conquerors of barbarian peoples, and being their
messenger and Captain, hereby notify and inform you... that God Our Lord,
One and Eternal, created Heaven and Earth and a man and a woman from
whom you and I and all the multitude begotten from these over the past five
thousand and some years since the world was made... And so I request
and require you... to recognize the Church as your Mistress and as
Governess of the World and Universe, and the High Priest, called the Pope,
in Her name, and His Majesty (the King of Spain) in Her place, as Ruler
and Lord King... And if you do not do this... with the help of God I shall
come mightily against you, and I shall make war on you everywhere and in
every way that I can, and I shall subject you to the yoke and obedience of
the Church and His Majesty, and I shall seize your women and children, and
I shall make them slaves, to sell and dispose of as His Majesty commands,
and I shall do all the evil and damage to you that I am able. And I insist that
the deaths and destruction that result from this will be your fault. "
One of the first to hear The Requirement were the chiefs of the Maya, whose
scale of time for the creation of life on Earth did not begin a mere 5,000
years earlier, as suggested by the Pope, rather the Mayan measured
original creation in millions of years by the astronomical calendars they
kept, which tracked the solar year accurately to within a few seconds a
year. Their comment upon hearing The Requirement was, "The Holy Father
has indeed been generous with others' property".


--- Page 190 ---
The Requirement was originally intended as a response to complaints by
Spanish clerics that the wars against the Native American peoples were
unjust. Comparing them to Spain's wars against the Moors, the clerics
claimed that Muslims had knowledge of Christ and rejected Him, so that
waging a Crusade against them was legitimate. In contrast, wars against the
Native Americans, who had never come into contact with Christianity
were unacceptable. The Requirement was intended as a legal loophole to
place the native population in the position of having rejected Christianity. It
stated: "We protest that any deaths that result from this [rejection of
Christianity] are your fault... "
Many critics of the conquistadors' policies were appalled by the flippant
nature of the Requirement, and the priest, Bartolomeo de Las Casas, said in
response to it that he did not know whether to laugh or to cry. While the
conquistadors were encouraged to use an interpreter to read the
Requirement, this was not absolutely necessary, and in many cases, it was
read out to an uncomprehending populace. In some instances, it was read to
barren beaches and empty villages, long after the natives had fled, to
prisoners after they were captured, or even from the decks of ships once they
had just spotted the coast.
Nevertheless, for the conquistadors, it provided a religious justification for
attacking and enslaving the native population, and because of its potential
to enrich the coffers of Spain, the Requirement was not generally
questioned. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
The net result of the "discovery" of the "New World" which wasn't really
"new" as it had been around as long as any other continent, and had a larger
population than Europe, was as follows:
1) hundreds of indigenous cultures were eradicated 2) approximately 100
million people were killed by disease and war brought upon them by
"aliens" 3) 100 million people from the Gold Coast of Africa were enslaved,
and/ or murdered by Europeans in an effort to replace the "labor force" of
slaughtered indigenous population of the Western Hemisphere 4) nearly all
of the priceless literature, history, cultural and artistic artifacts of the
Western hemisphere were destroyed 5) most of the gold and gems mined
over a period of thousands of years by indigenous people were stolen and
shipped off the a handful of greedy, idiotic, uneducated, filthy, disease-
ridden, superstitious, murderous, thieves in Europe who squandered it
on mindless self-indulgences. -- The Editor
59 "... They are interested primarily in the "low gravity" satellites in this
space station which consists mainly of the dark side of the moon... ".


--- Page 191 ---
"According to the NASA Astronaut Neil Armstrong the aliens have a base on
the Moon and (the aliens) told us in no uncertain terms to get off and stay off
the Moon!
Sound far fetched? Milton Cooper, a Naval Intelligence Officer tells us that
not only does the Alien Moon Base exist but the U. S. Naval Intelligence
Community refers to the Alien Moon Base as "Luna, " that there is a huge
mining operation going on there, and that is where the aliens keep their
huge mother ships while the trips to Earth are made in smaller
"flying saucers".
LUNA: The Alien base on the far side of the Moon. It was seen and filmed
by the Apollo astronauts. A base, a mining operation using very large
machines, and the very large alien craft described in sighting reports as
mother ships exist there. -Milton Cooper
Did Apollo 11 Encounter UFOs on the Moon? from the Book "Above Top
Secret" by Timothy Good.
According to hitherto unconfirmed reports, both Neil Armstrong and Edwin
"Buzz" Aldrin saw UFOs shortly after their historic landing on the Moon in
Apollo 11 on 21 July 1969. I remember hearing one of the astronauts refer
to a “light" in or on a carter during the television transmission, followed by
a request from mission control for further information. Nothing more was
heard.
According to a former NASA employee Otto Binder, unnamed radio hams
with their own VHF receiving facilities that bypassed NASA's broadcasting
outlets picked up the following exchange:
NASA: What's there? Mission Control calling Apollo 11...
Apollo: These "Babies" are huge, Sir! Enormous! OH MY GOD! You
wouldn't believe it! I'm telling you there are other spacecraft out there, lined
up on the far side of the crater edge! They're on the Moon watching us!
In 1979, Maurice Chatelain, former chief of NASA Communications Systems
confirmed that Armstrong had indeed reported seeing two UFOs on the rim
of a crater. "The encounter was common knowledge in NASA, " he revealed,
"but nobody has talked about it until now. "
Soviet scientists were allegedly the first to confirm the incident. "According
to our information, the encounter was reported immediately after the
landing of the module, " said Dr. Vladimir Azhazha, a physicist and
Professor of Mathematics at Moscow University. "Neil Armstrong relayed
the message to Mission Control that two large, mysterious objects
were watching them after having landed near the moon module. But his
message was never heard by the public-because NASA censored it. "


--- Page 192 ---
According to another Soviet scientist, Dr. Aleksandr Kazantsev, Buzz Aldrin
took color movie film of the UFOs from inside the module, and continued
filming them after he and Armstrong went outside. Dr. Azhazha claims that
the UFOs departed minutes after the astronauts came out on to the lunar
surface.
Maurice Chatelain also confirmed that Apollo 11's radio transmissions were
interrupted on several occasions in order to hide the news from the public.
Before dismissing Chatelain's sensational claims, it is worth noting his
impressive background in the aerospace industry and space program. His
first job after moving from France was as an electronics engineer with
Convair, specializing in telecommunications, telemetry, and radar. In 1959
he was in charge of an electromagnetic research group, developing new
radar and telecommunications systems for Ryan. One of his eleven patents
was an automatic flights to the Moon. Later, at North American Aviation,
Chatelain was offered the job of designing and building the Apollo
communications and data-processing systems.
Chatelain claims that "all Apollo and Gemini flights were followed, both at
a distance and sometimes also quite closely, by space vehicles of
extraterrestrial origin-flying saucers, or UFOs, if you want to call them by
that name. Every time it occurred, the astronauts informed Mission Control,
who then ordered absolute silence. " He goes on to say:
"I think that Walter Schirra aboard Mercury 8 was the first of the astronauts
to use the code name 'Santa Claus' to indicate the presence of flying saucers
next to space capsules. However, his announcements were barely noticed by
the general public.
It was a little different when James Lovell on board the Apollo 8 command
module came out from behind the moon and said for everybody to hear:
PLEASE BE INFORMED THAT THERE IS A SANTA CLAUS. '
Even though this happened on Christmas Day 1968, many people sensed a
hidden meaning in those words. "
Rumors persist. NASA may well be a civilian agency, but many of its
programs are funded by the defense budget and most of the astronauts are
subject to military security regulations. Apart from the fact that the National
Security Agency screens all films and probably radio communications as
well. We have the statements by Otto Binder, Dr. Garry Henderson
and Maurice Chatelain that the astronauts were under strict orders not to
discuss their sightings. And Gordon Cooper has testified to a United Nations
committee that one of the astronauts actually witnessed a UFO on the
ground. If there is no secrecy, why has this sighting not been made public?


--- Page 193 ---
A certain professor, who wished to remain anonymous, was engaged in a
discussion with Neil Armstrong during a NASA symposium.
Professor: What REALLY happened out there with Apollo 11?
Armstrong: It was incredible, of course we had always known there was a
possibility, the fact is, we were warned off! (by the Aliens). There was never
any question then of a space station or a moon city.
Professor: How do you mean "warned off"?
Armstrong: I can't go into details, except to say that their ships were far
superior to ours both in size and technology - Boy, were they big!... and
menacing! No, there is no question of a space station.
Professor: But NASA had other missions after Apollo 11?
Armstrong: Naturally-NASA was committed at that time, and couldn't risk
panic on Earth. But it really was a quick scoop and back again.
Armstrong confirmed that the story was true but refused to go into further
detail, beyond admitting that the CIA was behind the cover-up.
Reasonable activity of an alien civilization showed up unexpectedly close to
us. We were not ready for it psychologically
We still can come across publications trying to find an answer to the
question: Are we alone in the universe? At the same time, presence of
reasonable creatures has been detected just close to our home, in the Moon.
However, the discovery was immediately classified as secret, as it was so
much incredible that even could shake the already existing social principles,
reports Russia's newspaper "Vecherny Volgograd. "
Here is an extract from the official press-release: “NASA scientists and
engineers participating in exploration of Mars and Moon reported results of
their discoveries at a briefing at the Washington national press club on
March 21, 1996. It was announced for the first time that man-caused
structures and objects had been discovered on the Moon. " The scientists
spoke rather cautiously and evasively about the functioning objects, with the
exception of UFO. They always mentioned the man-caused objects as
possible, and pointed out the information was still under study, and official
results would be published later.
It was mentioned at the briefing as well that the Soviet Union used to own
some photo materials proving presence of reasonable activity on the Moon.
And although it wasn't identified what kind of reasonable activity it was,
thousands of photo-and video materials photographed from the Apollo and
the Clementine space station demonstrated many parts on the lunar surface
where the activity and its traces were perfectly evident. The video films and


--- Page 194 ---
photos made by U. S. astronauts during the Apollo program were
demonstrated at the briefing. And people were extremely surprised why the
materials hadn't been presented to the public earlier. And NASA specialists
answered: “It was difficult to forecast the reaction of people to the
information that some creatures had been or still were on the Moon.
Besides, there were some other reasons to it, which were beyond NASA. "
Specialist for lunar artifacts Richard Hoagland says that NASA is still trying
to veil photo materials before they are published in public catalogues and
files, they do retouching or partially refocus them while copying. Some
investigators, Hoagland is among them, suppose that an extraterrestrial
race had used the Moon as a terminal station during their activity on the
Earth. The suggestions are confirmed by the legends and myths invented by
different nations of our planet.
Ruins of lunar cities stretched along many kilometers, huge transparent
domes on massive basements, numerous tunnels and other constructions
make scientists reconsider their opinions concerning the lunar problems.
How the Moon appeared and principles of its revolving around the Earth
still pose a great problem for scientists.
Some partially destroyed objects on the lunar surface can’t be placed
among natural geological formations, as they are of complex organization
and geometrical structure. In the upper part of Rima hadley, not far from
the place where the Apollo-15 had landed, a construction surrounded with a
tall D-shaped wall was discovered. As of now, different artifacts have been
discovered in 44 regions.
The NASA Goddard Space Flight Center, the Houston Planetary Institute
and specialists from the bank of space information are investigating the
regions. Mysterious terrace-shaped excavations of the rock have been
discovered near the Tiho crater. The concentric hexahedral excavations and
the tunnel entry at the terrace side cant be results of natural geological
processes; instead, they look very much like open cast mines.
A transparent dome raised above the crater edge was discovered near the
crater Copernicus. The dome is unusual as it is glowing white and blue from
inside. A rather unusual object, which is unusual indeed even for the Moon,
was discovered in the upper part of the Factory area. A disk of about 50
meters in diameter stands on a square basement surrounded with rhombi
walls. In the picture, close to the rhombi, we can also see a dark round
embrasure in the ground, which resembles an entry in an underground
caponier.
There is a regular rectangular area between Factory and the crater
Copernicus which is 300 meters wide 400 meters long.


--- Page 195 ---
Apollo 10 astronauts made a unique picture (AS10-32-4822) of a one-mile
long object called Castle, which is hanging at the height of 14 kilometers
and casts a distinct shadow on the lunar surface. The object seems to be
consisting of several cylindrical units and a large conjunctive unit. Internal
porous structure of the Castle is clearly seen in one of the pictures, which
makes an impression that some parts of the object are transparent.
As it turned out at the briefing where many NASA scientists were present,
when Richard Hoagland had requested originals of the Castle pictures for
the second time, no pictures were found there at all. They disappeared even
from the list of pictures made by the Apollo 10 crew. Only intermediate
pictures of the object were found in the archives, which unfortunately don't
depict the internal structure of the object.
When Apollo-12 crew landed on the lunar surface, they saw that the landing
was observed by a half-transparent pyramidal object. It was hanging just
several meters above the lunar surface and shimmered with all rainbow
colors against the black sky.
In 1969, when the film about astronauts traveling to the Sea of Storms was
demonstrated (the astronauts saw the strange objects once again, which
were later called “striped glasses"), NASA finally understood what
consequences such kind of control could bring. Astronaut Mitchell answered
the question about his feelings after a successful return the following: “My
neck still aches as I had to constantly turn my head around because we
felt we were not alone there. We had no choice but pray. " Johnston, who
worked at the Houston Space Center and studied photos and video materials
done during the Apollo program, discussed the artifacts with Richard
Hoagland and said, the NASA leadership was awfully annoyed with the
great number of anomalous, to put it mildly, objects on the Moon. It
was even said that piloted flights to the Moon could be banned in the
programs network.
Investigators are especially interested in ancient structures resembling
partially destroyed cities. The orbital shooting reveals an astonishingly
regular geometry of square and rectangular constructions. They resemble
our terrestrial cities seen from the height of 5-8 kilometers. A mission
control specialist commented on the pictures: “Our guys observed ruins of
the Lunar cities, transparent pyramids, domes and God knows what else,
which are currently hidden deep inside the NASA safes, and felt like
Robinson Crusoe when he suddenly came across prints of human bare feet
on the sand of the desert island. " What do geologists and scientists say after
studying the pictures of lunar cities and other anomalous objects? They say,
such objects can't be natural formations. “We should admit they
are artificial, especially the domes and pyramids. " Reasonable activity of


--- Page 196 ---
an alien civilization showed up unexpectedly close to us. We were not ready
for it psychologically, and some people hardly believe they are true even
now. “
Translated by Maria Gousseva (original source = http://english. pravda.
ru/main/2002/10/05/37771. html)
-- Source: http://www.ufocasebook.com/moon. html
60 "... synthesized from gypsum... "
“Gypsum is a common mineral, with thick and extensive evaporite beds in
association with sedimentary rocks. Deposits are known to occur in strata
from as early as the Permian age. Gypsum is deposited in lake and sea
water, as well as in hot springs, from volcanic vapors, and sulfate solutions
in veins. Hydrothermal anhydrite in veins is commonly hydrated to
gypsum by groundwater in near surface exposures. It is often associated
with the minerals halite and sulfur.
The word gypsum is derived from the aorist form of the Greek verb "to
cook", referring to the burnt or calcined mineral. Because the gypsum from
the quarries of the Montmartre district of Paris has long furnished burnt
gypsum used for various purposes, this material has been called plaster of
Paris. It is also used in foot creams, shampoos and many other hair
products.
Because gypsum dissolves over time in water, gypsum is rarely found in the
form of sand. However, the unique conditions of the White Sands National
Monument in the US state of New Mexico have created a 710 km2 (275 sq
mile) expanse of white gypsum sand, enough to supply the construction
industry with drywall for 1,000 years. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 197 ---
61 "... electromagnetic force... "
"In physics, the Lorentz force is the force on a point charge due to
electromagnetic fields. Lorentz introduced this force in 1892. However, the
discovery of the Lorentz force was before Lorentz's time. In particular, it
can be seen at equation (77) in Maxwell's 1861 paper On Physical Lines of
Force. Later, Maxwell listed it as equation "D" of his 1864 paper,
A Dynamical Theory of the Electromagnetic Field, as one of the eight
original Maxwell's equations. In this paper the equation was written as
follows:
Although this equation is obviously a direct precursor of the modern Lorentz
force equation, it actually differs in two respects:
•    It does not contain a factor of q, the charge. Maxwell didn't use the
concept of charge. The definition of E used here by Maxwell is unclear. He
uses the term electromotive force. He operated from Faraday's electro-tonic
state A, which he considered to be a momentum in his vortex sea. The
closest term that we can trace to electric charge in Maxwell's papers is the
density of free electricity, which appears to refer to the density of the
aethereal medium of his molecular vortices and that gives rise to the
momentum A. Maxwell believed that A was a fundamental quantity from
which electromotive force can be derived.
•    The equation here contains the information that what we nowadays call
E, which today can be expressed in terms of scalar and vector potentials
according to
The fact that E can be expressed this way is equivalent to one of the four


--- Page 198 ---
modern Maxwell's equations, the Maxwell-Faraday equation.
Despite its historical origins in the original set of eight Maxwell's
equations, the Lorentz force is no longer considered to be one of
"Maxwell's equations" as the term is currently used (that is, as
reformulated by Heaviside). It now sits adjacent to Maxwell's equations as
a separate and essential law.
Significance of the Lorentz force
While the modern Maxwell's equations describe how electrically charged
particles and objects give rise to electric and magnetic fields, the Lorentz
force law completes that picture by describing the force acting on a
moving point charge q in the presence of electromagnetic fields. The
Lorentz force law describes the effect of E and B upon a point charge, but
such electromagnetic forces are not the entire picture. Charged particles
are possibly coupled to other forces, notably gravity and nuclear forces.
Thus, Maxwell's equations do not stand separate from other physical laws,
but are coupled to them via the charge and current densities. The response
of a point charge to the Lorentz law is one aspect; the generation of E and
B by currents and charges is another.
In real materials the Lorentz force is inadequate to describe the behavior
of charged particles, both in principle and as a matter of computation. The
charged particles in a material medium both respond to the E and B fields
and generate these fields. Complex transport equations must be solved to
determine the time and spatial response of charges, for example, the
Boltzmann equation or the Fokker-Planck equation or the Navier-
Stokes equations. For example, see magnetohydrodynamics, fluid
dynamics, electrohydrodynamics, superconductivity, stellar evolution. An
entire physical apparatus for dealing with these matters has developed.
See for example, Green-Kubo relations and Green's function (many-body
theory).
Although one might suggest that these theories are only approximations
intended to deal with large ensembles of "point particles", perhaps a
deeper perspective is that the chargebearing particles may respond to
forces like gravity, or nuclear forces, or boundary conditions. " --
Reference: Wikipedia.org 62 "... quadrillion... "
"Quadrillion may mean either of the two numbers:


--- Page 199 ---
1. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000 (one thousand million million; 1015; SI prefix
peta) - increasingly common meaning in English language usage.
1. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000. 000
(1024; SI prefix yotta) -increasingly rare meaning in English language
usage. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
"... points of origin to establish age and duration. "
"So far scientists have not found a way to determine the exact age of the
Earth directly from Earth rocks because Earth's oldest rocks have been
recycled and destroyed by the process of plate tectonics. If there are any of
Earth's primordial rocks left in their original state, they have not yet been
found. Nevertheless, scientists have been able to determine the probable age
of the Solar System and to calculate an age for the Earth by assuming that
the Earth and the rest of the solid bodies in the Solar System formed at the
same time and are, therefore, of the same age.
The ages of Earth and Moon rocks and of meteorites are measured by the
decay of long-lived radioactive isotopes of elements that occur naturally in
rocks and minerals and that decay with half lives of 700 million to more
than 100 billion years to stable isotopes of other elements. These dating
techniques, which are firmly grounded in physics and are known collectively
as radiometric dating, are used to measure the last time that the rock
being dated was either melted or disturbed sufficiently to rehomogenize its
radioactive elements. "
-- Reference: http://pubs. usgs. gov/gip/geotime/age. html
64    "... The physical universe itself is formed from
the convergence and amalgamation of many other
individual universes... "
"A creation myth is a supernatural mytho-religious story or explanation that
describes the beginnings of humanity, earth, life, and the universe
(cosmogony), usually as a deliberate act of "creation" by a supreme being.
Many accounts of creation share broadly similar themes. Common motifs
include the fractionation of the things of the world from a primordial chaos;
the separation of the mother and father gods; land emerging from an infinite
and timeless ocean; or creation ex nihilo (Latin: out of nothing). "


--- Page 200 ---
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
65    "... energy and forms can be created, but not
destroyed... "
"In physics, the law of conservation of energy states that the total amount of
energy in any isolated system remains constant but cannot be recreated,
although it may change forms, e. g. friction turns kinetic energy into thermal
energy. In thermodynamics, the first law of thermodynamics is a statement
of the conservation of energy for thermodynamic systems, and is the more
encompassing version of the conservation of energy. In short, the law
of conservation of energy states that energy can not be created or destroyed,
it can only be changed from one form to another. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
66    "... Tales of magic, sorcery and enchantment,
fairy tales and mythology speak of such things... "
Magic, sometimes known as sorcery, is a conceptual system that asserts
human ability to control the natural world (including events, objects, people,
and physical phenomena) through mystical, paranormal or supernatural
means. The term can also refer to the practices employed by a person
asserting this influence, and to beliefs that explain various events and
phenomena in such terms. In many cultures, magic is under pressure from,
and in competition with, scientific and religious conceptual systems.
Adherents to magic believe that it may work by one or more of the following
basic principles:
•    Natural forces that cannot be detected by science at present, and in fact
may not be detectable at all. These magical forces are said to exist in
addition to and alongside the four fundamental forces of nature: gravity,
electromagnetism, the strong force and the weak force.
•    Intervention of spirits similar to these hypothetical natural forces, but
with their own consciousness and intelligence. Believers in spirits will often
describe a whole cosmos of beings of many different kinds, sometimes
organized into a hierarchy.
Aleister Crowley preferred the spelling magick, defining it as "the science
and art of causing change to occur in conformity with the will. " By this, he
included "mundane" acts of will as well as ritual magic. In Magick in


--- Page 201 ---
Theory and Practice, Chapter XIV, Crowley says:
"What is a Magical Operation? It may be defined as any event in nature
which is brought to pass by Will. We must not exclude potato-growing or
banking from our definition. Let us take a very simple example of a Magical
Act: that of a man blowing his nose. " "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
67 "... they will capture other IS-BEs as slaves... "
"The word slave in the English language originates from the Middle English
sclave, from the Old French esclave, the Medieval Latin sclavus, the early
Greek sklabos, from sklabenoi, Slavs, of Slavic origin; akin to Old Russian
Slovene, an East Slavic tribe. The term sclavus originally referred to the
Slavs of Eastern and Central Europe, as many of these people had been
captured and then sold as slaves by Otto the Great and his successors. The
former Latin word for "slave" was servus (cf. English serf).
The evidence for slavery predates written records. It can be found in almost
all cultures and continents. Slavery can be traced to the earliest records,
such as the Code of Hammurabi in Mesopotamia (~1800 BC), which refers
to slavery as an already established institution. In important exception
occurred under the reign of the Achaemenid Empire in Persia in 500 BC.
The forced labor of women in some ancient and modern cultures may also
be identified as slavery. Slavery, in this case, includes sexual services.
Historically, most slaves were captured in wars or kidnapped in isolated
raids, but some persons were sold into slavery by their parents, or by
themselves, as a means of surviving extreme conditions. Most slaves were
born into that status, to parents who were enslaved. Ancient Warfare often
resulted in slavery for prisoners and their families, who were either killed,
ransomed or sold as slaves. Captives were often considered the property of
those who captured them and were looked upon as a prize of war. Slavery
may originally have been more humane than simply executing those who
would return to fight if they were freed, but the effect led to widespread
enslavement of particular groups of people. Those captured sometimes
differed in ethnicity, nationality, religion, or race from their enslavers, but
often were the same as the captors. The dominant group in an area might
take captives and turn them into slaves with little fear of suffering the like
fate. The possibility always existed of
reversals of fortune, as when Seneca warned, at the height of the Roman
Empire, when powerful nations fought among themselves, anyone might find


--- Page 202 ---
himself enslaved. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 203 ---
68    "...asteroid belt..."
"The asteroid belt is the region of the Solar System located roughly between
the orbits of the planets Mars and Jupiter. It is occupied by numerous
irregularly shaped bodies called asteroids or minor planets. More than half
the mass within the main belt is contained in the four largest objects: Ceres,
4 Vesta, 2 Pallas, and 10 Hygiea. All of these have mean diameters of more
than 400 km, while Ceres, the main belt's only dwarf planet, is about 950 km
in diameter. The remaining bodies range down to the size of a dust particle.
The asteroid material is so thinly distributed that multiple unmanned
spacecraft have traversed it without incident."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 204 ---
69    "... the Big Dipper constellation..."
"Within Ursa Major the stars of the Big Dipper have Bayer designations in
consecutive Greek alphabetical order from the bowl to the handle.
Near Mizar is a star called Alcorr and together they are informally known
as the Horse and Rider. At magnitude 4.1, Alcor would normally be
relatively easy to see with the unaided eye, but its proximity to Mizar
renders it more difficult to resolve, and it has served as a traditional test of
sight. In the 17th century, Mizar itself was discovered to be a binary star
system —
the first telescopic binary found. The component stars are known as Mizar
A and Mizar B. In 1889, Mizar A was discovered to in fact be a binary as
well, the first spectroscopic binary discovered, and with the subsequent
discovery that Mizar B itself is also a binary, in total Mizar currently is
known to be at least a quadruple star system. “
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 205 ---
70    "... the body of the Archduke of Austria... "
“Franz Ferdinand (December 18, 1863 - June 28, 1914) was an Archduke
of Austria-Este, Prince Imperial of Austria and Prince Royal of Hungary
and Bohemia, and from 1896 until his death, heir presumptive to the
Austro-Hungarian throne. His assassination in Sarajevo precipitated the
Austrian declaration of war. This caused countries allied with Austria-
Hungary (the Central Powers) and countries allied with Serbia (the
Entente Powers) to declare war on each other, starting World War I.
In 1889, Franz Ferdinand's life changed dramatically. His cousin Crown
Prince Rudolf committed suicide at his hunting lodge in Mayerling,
leaving Franz Ferdinand's father, Archduke Karl Ludwig, as first in line
to the throne. However his father renounced his succession rights a few
days after the Crown Prince's death. Henceforth, Franz Ferdinand was
groomed to succeed.
On June 28, 1914, at approximately 11: 15 am, Franz Ferdinand and his
wife were killed in Sarajevo, the capital of the Austro-Hungarian province
of Bosnia and Herzegovina, by Gavrilo Princip, a member of Young
Bosnia and one of several (a few) assassins organized by The Black Hand
(Tsrna Ruka). The event, known as the Assassination in Sarajevo,
triggered World War I.
Franz and Sophie had previously been attacked when a bomb was thrown
at their car. It missed them, but many civilians were injured. Franz and
Sophie both insisted on going to see all those injured at the hospital. As a
result of this, Princip saw them and shot Sophie in the abdomen. Franz
was shot in the jugular and was still alive when witnesses arrived to
his aid, but it was too late; he died within minutes.
The assassinations, along with the arms race, nationalism, imperialism,
militarism, and the alliance system all contributed to the beginning of
World War I, which began less than two months after Franz Ferdinand's
death, with Austria-Hungary's declaration of war against Serbia. “
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
71    ... "force field"...
“Originally a term coined by Michael Faraday to provide an intuitive
paradigm, but theoretical construct, for the behavior of electromagnetic
fields, the term force field refers to the lines of force one object (the
"source object") exerts on another object or a collection of other objects.
An object might be a mass particle or an electric or magnetic charge, for
example. The lines do not have to be straight, in the Euclidean geometry
case, but may be curved. Faraday called these theoretical connections


--- Page 206 ---
between objects lines of force because the objects are most directly
connected to the source object along this line.
•    A local Newtonian gravitational field near Earth ground typically
consists of a uniform array of vectors pointing in one direction
—downwards, towards the ground; its force field is represented by the
Cartesian vector, where points in a direction away from the ground, and m
refers to the mass, and g refers to the acceleration due to gravity.
•    A global Gravitational field consists of a spherical array of vectors
pointing towards the center of gravity. Its classical force field, in spherical
coordinates, is represented by the vector,, which is just Newton's Law of
Gravity, with the radial unit vector pointing towards the origin of the sphere
(center of the Earth).
•    A conservative Electric field has an electric charge (or a smeared plum
pudding of electric charges) as its source object. In the case of the point
charges, the force field is represented by, where is the position vector that
represents the straightest line between the source charge and the other
charge.
•    A static Magnetic field has a magnetic charge (a magnetic monopole or
a charge distribution).
•    The electromagnetic force is given by the Lorentz force formula, which
in SI units is,
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org 72 "Electroshock... "
"The story of electric shock began in 1938, when Italian psychiatrist Ugo
Cerletti visited a Rome slaughterhouse to see what could be learned from
the method that was employed to butcher hogs. In Cerletti's own words, "As
soon as the hogs were clamped by the [electric] tongs, they fell unconscious,
stiffened, then after a few seconds they were shaken by convulsions....
During this period of unconsciousness (epileptic coma), the butcher
stabbed and bled the animals without difficulty....
"At this point I felt we could venture to experiment on man, and I instructed
my assistants to be on the alert for the selection of a suitable subject. "
Cerletti's first victim was provided by the local police - a man described by
Cerletti as "lucid and well-oriented. " After surviving the first blast without
losing consciousness, the victim overheard Cerletti discussing a second
application with a higher voltage. He begged Cerletti, "Non una seconda!
Mortifierel" ("Not another one! It will kill me! ")
Ignoring the objections of his assistants, Cerletti increased the voltage and
duration and fired again. With the "successful" electrically induced


--- Page 207 ---
convulsion of his victim, Ugo Cerletti brought about the application of hog-
slaughtering skills to humans, creating one of the most brutal techniques of
psychiatry.
*Electric shock is also called electro-convulsive "therapy" or treatment
(ECT), electroshock therapy or electric shock treatment (EST),
electrostimulation, and electrolytic therapy (ELT). All are euphemistic terms
for the same process: sending a searing blast of electricity through the brain
in order to alter behavior. " (Reference: http://www.sntp. net/ect/ect3. htm)
Today Electroshock therapy (ECT) is most often used as a treatment for
severe major depression which has not responded to other treatment, and is
also used in the treatment of mania, catatonia, schizophrenia and other
disorders. It first gained widespread use as a form of treatment in the 1940s
and 50s. Today, an estimated 1 million people worldwide receive ECT every
year, usually in a course of 6-12 treatments administered 2 or 3 times a
week.
Electroconvulsive therapy has "side-effects" which include confusion and
memory loss for events around the time period of treatment. ECT have been
shown to cause persistent memory loss. It is the effects of ECT on long-term
memory that give rise to much of the concern surrounding its use. The acute
effects of ECT include amnesia.
Registered nurse Barbara C. Cody reports in a letter to the Washington Post
that her life "was forever changed by 13 outpatient ECTs I received in 1983.
Shock 'therapy' totally and permanently disabled me. "EEGs
[electroencephalograms] verify the extensive damage shock did to my brain.
Fifteen to 20 years of my life were simply erased; only small bits and pieces
have returned. I was also left with short-term memory impairment and
serious cognitive deficits. "Shock 'therapy' took my past, my college
education, my musical abilities, even the knowledge that my children were,
in fact, my children. "
Ernest Hemingway, American author, committed suicide shortly after
Electric Shock treatment at the Menninger Clinic in 1961. He is reported to
have said to his biographer, "Well, what is the sense of ruining my head
and erasing my memory, which is my capital, and putting me out of
business? It was a brilliant cure but we lost the patient.... "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
73    "... electric voltage... "
"The general public may consider household mains circuits (100-250 V AC),
which carry the highest voltages they normally encounter, to be high
voltage. For example, an installer of heating, ventilation and air


--- Page 208 ---
conditioning equipment may be licensed to install 24 Volt control circuits,
but may not be permitted to connect the 240 volt power circuits of the
equipment.
Voltages over approximately 50 volts can usually cause dangerous
amounts of current to flow through a human being touching two points of
a circuit.
Voltages of greater than 50 V are capable of producing heart fibrillation if
they produce electric currents in body tissues which happen to pass through
the chest area. The electrocution danger is mostly determined by the low
conductivity of dry human skin. If skin is wet, or if there are wounds, or if
the voltage is applied to electrodes which penetrate the skin, then even
voltage sources below 40 V can be lethal if contacted. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
74    "... Post hypnotic suggestions... "
"The ability of a human to be induced into a form of behavior or thinking
pattern after coming out of the hypnotic state. Post hypnotic suggestions are
administered by the hypnotist and may optionally include a time scope. An
altered sense of perception or behavioral pattern may be "programmed"
into the person under hypnosis. Certain sequences of events may be set as
triggers to enter or exit the post-hypnotic pattern. The behavior patterns
resemble conditioned reflexes, though administered without classical
behavior alteration techniques.
Any number, color, object, etc. may be induced to be ignored by the patient
after full consciousness. A certain keyword starts the suggestion and a
different word ends it. The patient will not know nor use the item to be
ignored. He/she may state that the sea is colored red, if suggested to ignore
the color blue. A count of eleven may be achieved if asked to count ones
fingers if a number -say 5- is suggested to be ignored. Thus the
patient counts 1-2-3-4-6-7-8-9-10-11
Different type of behavior patterns may be induced such as forcing the
patient to recite a certain sentence whenever anyone says out loud the
special keyword. The patient is fully aware of the conditioned action but it is
very difficult, if not impossible, to restrain from doing it. Sweating, loss of
coordination and full lack of concentration plagues the patient until
he/she performs the programmed action.
An object may be set to be perceived as invisible and it will be fully ignored
and evaded during the period of suggestion. Experiments may be performed
with a coffee mug, induced to be invisible. If the mug is put on top of a page
with writing, the patient will only read the parts not covered by the mug.


--- Page 209 ---
Even though the sentences may make no sense, nothing is seemingly wrong
to the suspected. It is difficult to suggest an object be invisible, yet
stay tactile. Usually the object is completely ignored by all senses. Thus, the
mug in the example will reportedly not exist, even when the patient is
touching it.
Stage hypnotists will sometimes perform shows in which they hypnotize
participants to think they are some celebrity and behave exactly like them.
John Mohl, stage hypnotist and member of The National Guild of
Hypnotists, says that he has often hypnotized people to become someone
else! Mohl noticed that adults often became a celebrity while Middle
or High School students usually become something much more creative or
imaginative. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
75 "... Untouchables... "
"In the Indian caste system, a Dalit, often called an untouchable, or an
outcaste, is a person who according to traditional Hindu belief does not
have any "varnas". Varna refers to the Hindu belief that most humans were
supposedly created from different parts of the body of the divinity Purusha.
The part from which a varna was supposedly created defines a person's
social status with regard to issues such as whom they may marry and
which professions they may hold. Dalits fall outside the varnas system and
have historically been prevented from doing any but the most menial jobs.
(However, a distinction must be made between lower-caste people and
Pariahs. ) Included are leather-workers (called chamar), carcass handlers
(called mahar), poor farmers and landless labourers, night soil
scavengers (called bhangi or chura), street handicrafters, folk artists, street
cleaners, dhobi, etc.
Traditionally, they were treated as pariahs in South Asian society and
isolated in their own communities, to the point that even their shadows
were avoided by the upper castes.
Discrimination against Dalits still exists in rural areas in the private sphere,
in ritual matters such as access to eating places and water sources. It has
largely disappeared, however, in urban areas and in the public sphere, in
rights of movement and access to schools. The earliest rejection of
discrimination, at least in spiritual matters, was made as far back as the
Bhagavada Gita, which says that no person, no matter what, is barred from
enlightenment There are an estimated 160 million Dalits in India. "


--- Page 210 ---
Reference: Wikipedia.org
"Human rights abuses against these people, known as Dalits, are legion. A
random sampling of headlines in mainstream Indian newspapers tells their
story: "Dalit boy beaten to death for plucking flowers"; "Dalit tortured by
cops for three days"; "Dalit 'witch' paraded naked in Bihar'; "Dalit killed in
lock-up at Kurnool"; "7 Dalits burnt alive in caste clash"; "5 Dalits lynched
in Haryana"; "Dalit woman gang-raped, paraded naked"; "Police egged on
mob to lynch Dalits".
"Dalits are not allowed to drink from the same wells, attend the same
temples, wear shoes in the presence of an upper caste, or drink from the
same cups in tea stalls, " said Smita Narula, a senior researcher with
Human Rights Watch, and author of Broken People: Caste Violence Against
India's "Untouchables. " Human Rights Watch is a worldwide
activist organization based in New York. India's Untouchables are relegated
to the lowest jobs, and live in constant fear of being publicly humiliated,
paraded naked, beaten, and raped with impunity by upper-caste Hindus
seeking to keep them in their place. Merely walking through an upper-caste
neighborhood is a life-threatening offense. Nearly 90 percent of all the
poor Indians and 95 percent of all the illiterate Indians are Dalits. "
Reference:
http://news.
nationalgeographic.com/news/2003/06/0602_030602_untouchables. html
76    "... political prisoners... "
"A political prisoner is someone held in prison or otherwise detained,
perhaps under house arrest, for his/her involvement in political activity.
political prisoners are arrested and tried with a veneer of legality, where
false criminal charges, manufactured evidence, and unfair trials are used to
disguise the fact that an individual is a political prisoner. This is common in
situations which may otherwise be decried nationally and internationally as
a human rights violation and suppression of a political dissident. A political
prisoner can also be someone that has been denied bail unfairly, denied
parole when it would reasonably have been given to a prisoner charged
with a comparable crime, or special powers may be invoked by the
judiciary.
Particularly in this latter situation, whether an individual is regarded as a
political prisoner may depend upon subjective political perspective or
interpretation of the evidence. Governments typically reject assertions that


--- Page 211 ---
they hold political prisoners.
Examples:
In the Soviet Union, dubious psychiatric diagnoses were sometimes used to
confine political prisoners. In Nazi Germany, "Night and Fog" prisoners
were among the first victims of fascist repression. In North Korea, entire
families are jailed if one family member is suspected of anti-government
sentiments. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
77    "... His commanding officer ordered that a battle
cruiser be dispatched... "
Editor's Note: The only Wikipedia.org reference to the term "battle cruiser"
is a US or British Navy ships. Another interesting and entertaining reference
is as follows:
"The Honorverse is the semi-official name for the setting of a military
science fiction series of stories by David Weber featuring Honor
Harrington, the Nelsonesque heroine in a series reminiscent of C. S.
Forester's Horatio Hornblower book series. The books are popular in the
United States and new releases regularly make The New York Times
Best Seller list.
The following list refers to starship classes within different areas of
Honorverse:
These starship classes are in the People's Republic of Haven:
Cimeterres-class: LAC Program 13-class: LAC Bastogne-class:
destroyer City-class: destroyer Desforge-class: destroyer Frigate-class l:
light cruiser Conqueror-class: light cruiser Charles Wade Pope-class: light
cruiser Brillance-class: light cruiser Mars-A-class: heavy cruiser Mars-B-
class: heavy cruiser Scimitar-class: heavy cruiser Sword-class: heavy
cruiser Tiger-class: battlecruiser Warlord-class: battlecruiser Sultan-class:
battlecruiser Triumphant-class: battleship
Nouveau Paris-class: dreadnought - Formally thought to be the New
Boston-class
Rousseau-class: dreadnought
DuQuesne-class: superdreadnought
Sovereign of Space-class: pod-superdreadnaught


--- Page 212 ---
Temeraire-class: pod-superdreadnaught
Astra-class: LAC Carrier
Aviary-class: LAC Carrier"
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
78 ".. a few hundred miles north of the equator on Mars in the Cydonia
region. "
This statement was made by Airl in 1947. The following photographs of this
area were not taken by NASA satellites in the 1970s!
( The following internet links shows maps of a complex of artificial looking
structures which some people have referred to a the "Pyramid Complex, The
Face on Mars, and other geological features that are strikingly similar to
symbols and architecture found in Mesoamerican and Egyptian pyramid
civilizations. Notice how the "pyramids and face structures look as though
they have been partially destroyed! Had there been an "Old Empire" base at
this location, which was destroyed by a cruiser attack from The Domain
Force, it base would have been significantly damaged. )
http://www. greatdreams.com/cydonia. htm
http://www.qtm. net/~geibdan/cydonia. html
"In addition, a team of scientists from the United States Geological Survey
reported at the recent annual Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in
Houston, Texas, that images taken by NASA's Mars-orbiting spacecraft
Mars Odyssey show what appear to be cave entrances where primitive life
forms - “past or present microbial life" - could have been sheltered, and
where water could exist in liquid form.
A more detailed perusal of the report reveals that the spacecraft actually
photographed, in both visual and infrared, puzzling dark circular structures
associated with these caves -structures ranging in size from 100 to 250
meters (330 to 825 feet). Picking up the hardly-noticed story in its June
2007 issue, the prestigious journal Scientific American has now provided
additional information: Seven such “football size" caverns were identified;
they are 425 feet deep. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
79 "... mind control... "
"Mind control (or "brainwashing") refers to a broad range of psychological
tactics able to subvert an individual's control of his own thinking, behavior,


--- Page 213 ---
emotions, or decisions. The concept is closely related to hypnosis, but
differs in practical approach.
William Sargant connected Pavlov’s findings (the Russian researcher who
experimented on stimulus-response mechanism with dogs) to the ways
people learned and internalized belief systems. Conditioned behavior
patterns could be changed by stimulated stresses beyond a dog’s capacity
for response, in essence causing a breakdown. This could also be caused
by intense signals, longer than normal waiting periods, rotating positive and
negative signals and changing a dog’s physical condition, as through
illness. Depending on the dog’s initial personality, this could possibly cause
a new belief system to be held tenaciously. Sargant also connected Pavlov’s
findings to the mechanisms of brain-washing...
"Though men are not dogs, they should humbly try to remember how
much they resemble dogs in their brain functions, and not boast
themselves as demigods. They are gifted with religious and social
apprehensions, and they are gifted with the power of reason; but all these
faculties are physiologically entailed to the brain. Therefore the brain
should not be abused by having forced upon it any religious or
political mystique that stunts the reason, or any form of crude rationalism
that stunts the religious sense. " (p. 274)
Psychologist Margaret Singer describes six conditions which would create
an atmosphere in which thought reform is possible. Singer states that these
conditions involve no need for physical coercion or violence. 1
•    Control the victim's social and/or physical environment; especially
control the victim's time.
•    Systematically create a sense of powerlessness in the victim. This is
accomplished by getting victims away from their normal social support
group for a period of time and into an environment where the majority of
people are already group members.
o The victims serve as models of the attitudes and behaviors of the group
and speak an in-group language.
o Strip victims of their main occupation (quit jobs, drop out of school) or
source of income or have them turn over their income (or the majority of)
to the group.
o Once stripped of your usual support network, your confidence in your own
perception erodes.
o As your sense of powerlessness increases, your good judgment and
understanding of the world are diminished. (ordinary view of reality
is destabilized)


--- Page 214 ---
o As group attacks your previous worldview, it causes you distress and inner
confusion; yet you are not allowed to speak about this confusion or object
to it -- leadership suppresses questions and counters resistance.
o This process is sped up if you are kept tired.
•    Manipulate a system of rewards, punishments and experiences in such a
way as to inhibit behavior that reflects the victim's former social identity.
o Manipulation of experiences can be accomplished through various
methods of trance induction, including leaders using such techniques as
paced speaking patterns, guided imagery, chanting, long prayer sessions
or lectures, and lengthy meditation sessions.
o Your old beliefs and patterns of behavior are defined as irrelevant or evil.
Leadership wants these old patterns eliminated, so the victims must suppress
them.
o Victims get positive feedback for conforming to the group's beliefs and
behaviors and negative feedback for old beliefs and behavior.
•    Manipulate a system of rewards, punishments, and experiences in order
to promote learning the group's ideology or belief system and group-
approved behaviors.
o Good behavior, demonstrating an understanding and acceptance of the
group's beliefs, and compliance are rewarded while questioning,
expressing doubts or criticizing are met with disapproval, redress and
possible rejection. If one expresses a question, he or she is made to feel that
there is something inherently wrong with them to be questioning.
o The only feedback victims get is from the group, they become totally
dependent upon the rewards given by those who control the environment.
o Victims must learn varying amounts of new information about the beliefs
of the group and the behaviors expected by the group.
o The more complicated and filled with contradictions the new system is and
the more difficult it is to learn, the more effective the conversion process
will be.
o Esteem and affection from peers is very important to new recruits.
Approval comes from having the new victim's behaviors and thought
patterns conform to the models (victims). Victims' relationship with peers is
threatened whenever they fail to learn or display new behaviors. Over time,
the easy solution to the insecurity generated by the difficulties of learning
the new system is to inhibit any display of doubts -- new recruits simply
acquiesce, affirm and act as if they do understand and accept the new


--- Page 215 ---
ideology.
•    Put forth a closed system of logic and an authoritarian structure that
permits no feedback and refuses to be modified except by leadership
approval or executive order.
o The group has a top-down, pyramid structure. The leaders must have
verbal ways of never losing.
o Victims are not allowed to question, criticize or complain -- if they do, the
leaders allege that the victim is defective -- not the organization or
the beliefs.
o The individual is always wrong -- the system, its leaders and its belief are
always right.
o Remolding of the individual victim happens in a closed system. As victims
learn to modify their behavior in order to be accepted in this closed
system, they change -- begin to speak the language -- which serves to further
isolate them from their prior beliefs and behaviors. "
Social psychology tactics
A contemporary view of mind control sees it as an intensified and persistent
use of well researched social psychology principles like compliance,
conformity, persuasion, dissonance, reactance, framing or emotional
manipulation.
One of the most notable proponents of such theories is social psychologist
Philip Zimbardo, former president of the American Psychological
Association:
"I conceive of mind control as a phenomena encompassing all the ways in
which personal, social and institutional forces are exerted to
induce compliance, conformity, belief, attitude, and value change in
others.
"Mind control is the process by which individual or collective freedom of
choice and action is compromised by agents or agencies that modify
or distort perception, motivation, affect, cognition and/or behavioral
outcomes. It is neither magical nor mystical, but a process that involves a
set of basic social psychological principles. "
In Influence, Science and Practice, social psychologist Robert Cialdini
argues that mind control is possible through the covert exploitation of the
unconscious rules that underlie and facilitate healthy human social
interactions. He states that common social rules can be used to prey upon
the unwary, and he titles them as follows:


--- Page 216 ---
•    "Reciprocation: The Old Give and Take... and Take"
•    "Commitment and Consistency: Hobgoblins of the Mind"
•    "Social Proof: Truths Are Us"
•    "Liking: The Friendly Thief
•    "Authority: Directed Deference"
•    "Scarcity: The Rule of the Few"
Using these six broad categories, he offers specific examples of both mild
and extreme mind control (both one on one and in groups), notes the
conditions under which each social rule is most easily exploited for false
ends, and offers suggestions on how to resist such methods. "
Reference: Wikipedia.org
1
Keep the victim unaware of what is going on and how he is being changed a
step at a time.


--- Page 217 ---
80    "... remote thought control... "
EDITOR'S NOTE: If "hypersonic sound" (see reference below) can already
be used on Earth, which has been using electricity for only 150 years,
imagine a technology that has been refined over millions of years, that could
transmit thoughts that are precisely targeted to an individual person across
millions of miles of space.
"The lunatic is in my head, " sang Pink Floyd on their landmark "Dark
Side of the Moon" album released 35 years ago. "There's someone in my
head but it's not me. "
In 2008, there is a chance that the voice inside your head may be trying to
sell you something. Advertisers are using a new acoustic technology to
project advertising slogans directly into your head. And not everyone is
happy about the aural intrusion.
In fact, the space between your ears may be the newest battleground in the
conflict between privacy and technology. The technique is called
hypersonic sound and it was created by inventor Woody Norris. Hypersonic
sound (HSS) projection enables sound to be directed precisely to one
individual without any spillover.
In tandem with an ultrasonic emitter and a signal processor/amplifier, HSS
projects a column of modulated ultrasonic frequencies into the air. The
ultrasonic frequencies are inaudible by themselves, but the interaction of the
frequencies with the air create sounds that can be heard by anyone inside
the column. Hypersonic sound can direct sound as precisely as a laser beam
can direct light.
One only needs to be standing in the path of an HSS beam in order to hear
the sound. However, the sensation to those hearing is that the sound is being
projected from inside their skull.
Pretty cool, thinks inventor Norris. Or pretty creepy if you don't know what's
going on. It is already being done from a billboard on Prince Street in New
York City.
Advertising for a television show called "Paranormal State, " which airs on
the Arts and Entertainment Network (A&E), has been sent through HSS to
unsuspecting pedestrians who trigger a sensor as they stroll by. The sound
that is emitted can be heard only by them.
Science and technology writer Clive Thompson, has written about the
Prince Street billboard for Wired magazine. He experienced HSS himself,


--- Page 218 ---
writing that it felt "creepy" to hear a woman's voice whisper, "Who's there?
Who's there? "
It used to be that we could at least be guaranteed privacy in the space
between our ears. That is no longer true, thanks to the invention of "in-head
advertising. "
The freedom to think our own thoughts without artificial manipulation
from outside sources may be our latest civil rights battle. "
By RUTH N. GELLER HumanistNetworkNews.org April 2, 2008
-- Reference: http://humaniststudies.org/enews/?id=342&showAll=true
81    "... the remote mind-control operation... "
"One of the earliest examples of remote control was developed in 1893 by
Nikola Tesla,
and described in his patent, U. S. Patent 613, 809_, named "Method of an
Apparatus for Controlling Mechanism of Moving Vehicle or Vehicles".
"In 1903, Leonardo Torres Quevedo presented the Telekino at the Paris
Academy of Science, accompanied by a brief, and making an experimental
demonstration. In the same year, he obtained a patent in France, Spain,
Great Britain, and the United States. The Telekino consisted of a robot that
executed commands transmitted by electromagnetic waves. It constituted the
world's first apparatus for radio control and was a pioneer in the field of
remote control. In 1906, in the presence of the king and before a great
crowd, Torres successfully demonstrated the invention in the port of Bilbao,
guiding a boat from the shore. Later, he would try to apply the Telekino to
projectiles and torpedoes, but had to abandon the project for lack of
financing.
The first remote-controlled model airplane flew in 1932, and the use of
remote control technology for military purposes was worked intensively
during the Second World War, one result of this being the German
Wasserfall missile. "
Remote control technology is also used in space travel, for instance the
Russian Lunokhod vehicles were remote-controlled from the ground. Direct
remote control of space vehicles at greater distances from the earth is not
practical due to increasing signal delay times. "
Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 219 ---
82 "... mind control... "
Editor's Note: The most famously publicized evidence
of the use of mind-control operations is the CIA
project, "MK-ULTRA'':
"Project MK-ULTRA, or MKULTRA, was the code name for a covert CIA
mind-control and chemical interrogation research program, run by the
Office of Scientific Intelligence, that began in the early 1950s and continued
at least through the late 1960s. There is much published evidence that the
project involved the surreptitious use of many types of drugs, as well as
other methodology, to manipulate individual mental states and to alter brain
function.
Project MK-ULTRA was first brought to wide public attention in 1975 by
the U. S. Congress, through investigations by the Church Committee, and by
a presidential commission known as the Rockefeller Commission.
Investigative efforts were hampered by the fact that CIA Director Richard
Helms ordered all MK-ULTRA files destroyed in 1973.
Although the CIA insists that MK-ULTRA-type experiments have been
abandoned, 14-year CIA veteran Victor Marchetti has stated in various
interviews that the CIA routinely conducts disinformation campaigns and
that CIA mind control research continued. In a 1977 interview, Marchetti
specifically called the CIA claim that MK-ULTRA was abandoned a 'cover
story. '.
On the Senate floor in 1977, Senator Ted Kennedy said:
The Deputy Director of the CIA revealed that over thirty universities and
institutions were involved in an 'extensive testing and experimentation'
program which included covert drug tests on unwitting citizens 'at all social
levels, high and low, native Americans and foreign. ' Several of these tests
involved the administration of LSD to 'unwitting subjects in
social situations. ' At least one death, that of Dr. [Frank] Olson, resulted
from these activities. The Agency itself acknowledged that these tests made
little scientific sense. The agents doing the monitoring were not qualified
scientific observers.
A precursor of the MK-ULTRA program began in 1945 when the Joint
Intelligence Objectives Agency was established and given direct
responsibility for Operation Paperclip. Operation Paperclip was a program
to recruit former Nazi spies, scientists and experts in torture and brain


--- Page 220 ---
washing, some of whom had just been identified and prosecuted as war
criminals during the Nuremberg Trials.
Several secret U. S. government projects grew out of Operation Paperclip.
These projects included Project CHATTER (established 1947), and Project
BLUEBIRD (established 1950), which was later renamed to Project
ARTICHOKE in 1951. Their purpose was to study mind-control,
interrogation, behavior modification and related topics.
Headed by Dr. Sidney Gottlieb, the MK-ULTRA project was started on the
order of CIA director Allen Dulles on April 13, 1953, largely in response to
Soviet, Chinese, and North Korean use of mind-control techniques on U. S.
prisoners of war in Korea. The CIA wanted to use similar methods on their
own captives. The CIA was also interested in being able to manipulate
foreign leaders with such techniques, and would later invent several
schemes to drug Fidel Castro.
Experiments were often conducted without the subjects' knowledge or
consent. In some cases, academic researchers being funded through grants
from CIA front organizations were unaware that their work was being used
for these purposes.
In 1964, the project was renamed MK-SEARCH. The project attempted to
produce a perfect truth drug for use in interrogating suspected Soviet spies
during the Cold War, and generally to explore any other possibilities of
mind control.
An MK-ULTRA program tagged "Operation Teapot" involved the testing of
pregnant women with radiation, among other things. Also under this
program, U. S. army soldiers were dosed with LSD to study the effects of
panic.
Another MK-ULTRA effort, Subproject 54, was the Navy's top secret
"Perfect Concussion" program, which used sub aural frequency blasts to
erase memory. During this program LSD's corollary effect on controlled
and channeled mass panic was discovered.
MK-ULTRA head Sidney Gottlieb was involved with both Operation Teapot
and Subproject 54. The U. S. government officially denied involvement until
1995 when an official apology was issued to the pregnant women and to the
affected U. S. army soldiers. However no apologies were offered to the
affected U. S. Navy soldiers or to a group of Oregon prison inmates, whose
testicles were irradiated without their knowledge. Compensation for
medical treatment resulting from these experiments has been disputed and
remains tied up in arbitration more than 40 years after the fact. Since 1995,
most of the associated files have been reclassified as Top Secret.


--- Page 221 ---
Because most MK-ULTRA records were deliberately destroyed in 1973 by
order of then CIA Director Richard Helms, it has been difficult, if not
impossible, for investigators to gain a complete understanding of the more
than 150 individually funded research sub-projects sponsored by MK Ultra
and related CIA programs.
Aims
The Agency poured millions of dollars into studies probing dozens of
methods of influencing and controlling the mind. One 1955 MK-ULTRA
document gives an indication of the size and range of the effort; this
document refers to the study of an assortment of mind-altering substances
described as follows:
1.    Substances which will promote illogical thinking and impulsiveness to
the point where the recipient would be discredited in public.
2.    Substances which increase the efficiency of mentation and perception.
3.    Materials which will prevent or counteract the intoxicating effect of
alcohol.
4.    Materials which will promote the intoxicating effect of alcohol.
5.    Materials which will produce the signs and symptoms of recognized
diseases in a reversible way so that they may be used for malingering, etc.
6.    Materials which will render the induction of hypnosis easier or
otherwise enhance its usefulness.
7.    Substances which will enhance the ability of individuals to withstand
privation, torture and coercion during interrogation and so-called "brain-
washing".
8.    Materials and physical methods which will produce amnesia for events
preceding and during their use.
9.    Physical methods of producing shock and confusion over extended
periods of time and capable of surreptitious use.
10.    Substances which produce physical disablement such as paralysis of
the legs, acute anemia, etc.
11.    Substances which will produce "pure" euphoria with no subsequent
let-down.
12.    Substances which alter personality structure in such a way that the
tendency of the recipient to become dependent upon another person is
enhanced.
13.    A material which will cause mental confusion of such a type that the


--- Page 222 ---
individual under its influence will find it difficult to maintain a fabrication
under questioning.
14.    Substances which will lower the ambition and general working
efficiency of men when administered in undetectable amounts.
15.    Substances which promote weakness or distortion of the eyesight or
hearing faculties, preferably without permanent effects.
16.    A knockout pill which can surreptitiously be administered in drinks,
food, cigarettes, as an aerosol, etc., which will be safe to use, provide a
maximum of amnesia, and be suitable for use by agent types on an ad hoc
basis.
17.    A material which can be surreptitiously administered by the above
routes and which in very small amounts will make it impossible for a man to
perform any physical activity whatsoever.
Historians have learned that creating a "Manchurian Candidate" subject
through "mind control" techniques was undoubtedly a goal of MK-
ULTRA and related CIA projects.
Budget
A secretive arrangement granted a percentage of the CIA budget. The MK-
ULTRA director was granted six percent of the CIA operating budget in
1953, without oversight or accounting.
Experiments
CIA documents suggest that "chemical, biological and radiological" means
were investigated for the purpose of mind control as part of MK-ULTRA.
Drugs
LSD
Early efforts focused on LSD, which later came to dominate many of MK-
ULTRA's programs.
Experiments included administering LSD to CIA employees, military
personnel, doctors, other government agents, prostitutes, mentally ill
patients, and members of the general public in order to study their
reactions. LSD and other drugs were usually administered without the
subject's knowledge and informed consent, a violation of the Nuremberg
Code that the U. S. agreed to follow after WWII.
Efforts to "recruit" subjects were often illegal, even discounting the fact that
drugs were being administered (though actual use of LSD, for example, was
legal in the United States until October 6, 1966). In Operation Midnight
Climax, the CIA set up several brothels to obtain a selection of men who


--- Page 223 ---
would be too embarrassed to talk about the events. The men were dosed with
LSD, and the brothels were equipped with one-way mirrors and the
"sessions" were filmed for later viewing and study.
Some subjects' participation was consensual, and in many of these cases, the
subjects appeared to be singled out for even more extreme experiments. In
one case, volunteers were given LSD for 77 consecutive days.
LSD was eventually dismissed by MK-ULTRA's researchers as too
unpredictable in its effects. Although useful information was sometimes
obtained through questioning subjects on LSD, not uncommonly the most
marked effect would be the subject's absolute and utter certainty that they
were able to withstand any form of interrogation attempt, even
physical torture.
Other drugs
Another technique investigated was connecting a barbiturate IV into one
arm and an amphetamine IV into the other. The barbiturates were released
into the subject first, and as soon as the subject began to fall asleep, the
amphetamines were released. The subject would begin babbling
incoherently at this point, and it was sometimes possible to ask questions
and get useful answers.
Other experiments involved heroin, morphine, temazepam (used under code
name MK-SEARCH), mescaline, psilocybin, scopolamine, marijuana,
alcohol, and sodium pentothal.
Hypnosis
Declassified MK-ULTRA documents indicate hypnosis was studied in the
early 1950s. Experimental goals included: the creation of "hypnotically
induced anxieties, " "hypnotically increasing ability to learn and recall
complex written matter, " studying hypnosis and polygraph examinations,
"hypnotically increasing ability to observe and recall complex arrangements
of physical objects, " and studying "relationship of personality to
susceptibility to hypnosis. "
Canadian experiments
The experiments were exported to Canada when the CIA recruited Scottish
psychiatrist Donald Ewen Cameron, creator of the "psychic driving"
concept, which the CIA found particularly interesting. Cameron had been
hoping to correct schizophrenia by erasing existing memories and
completely rebuilding the psyche. He commuted from Albany, New York to
Montreal every week to work at the Allan Memorial Institute of McGill
University and was paid $69,000 from 1957 to 1964 to carry out MKULTRA
experiments there.


--- Page 224 ---
In addition to LSD, Cameron also experimented with various paralytic
drugs as well as electroconvulsive therapy at thirty to forty times the
normal power. His "driving" experiments consisted of putting subjects into
drug-induced coma for weeks at a time (up to three months in one case)
while playing tape loops of noise or simple repetitive statements. His
experiments were typically carried out on patients who had entered the
institute for minor problems such as anxiety disorders and postpartum
depression, many of whom suffered permanently from his actions. His
treatments resulted in victims' incontinence, amnesia, forgetting how to talk,
forgetting their parents, and thinking their interrogators were their parents.
His work was inspired and paralleled by the British psychiatrist Dr William
Sargant at St Thomas' Hospital, London, and Belmont Hospital, Surrey, who
also experimented extensively and very damagingly on his patients without
their consent and was equally involved with the Intelligence Services.
It was during this era that Cameron became known worldwide as the first
chairman of the World Psychiatric Association as well as president of the
American and Canadian psychiatric associations. Cameron had also been a
member of the Nuremberg medical tribunal only a decade earlier.
Revelation
In 1973, CIA Director Richard Helms ordered all MK-ULTRA files
destroyed. Pursuant to this order, most CIA documents regarding the
project were destroyed, making a full investigation of MK-ULTRA all but
impossible.
In December 1974, The New York Times reported that the CIA had
conducted illegal domestic activities, including experiments on U. S.
citizens, during the 1960s. That report prompted investigations by the U. S.
Congress, in the form of the Church Committee, and by a presidential
commission known as the Rockefeller Commission that looked into
domestic activities of the CIA, the FBI, and intelligence-related agencies
of the military.
In the summer of 1975, congressional Church Committee reports and the
presidential Rockefeller Commission report revealed to the public for the
first time that the CIA and the Department of Defense had conducted
experiments on both unwitting and cognizant human subjects as part of
an extensive program to influence and control human behavior through
the use of psychoactive drugs such as LSD and mescaline and other
chemical, biological, and psychological means. They also revealed that
at least one subject had died after administration of LSD.
The congressional committee investigating the CIA research, chaired by
Senator Frank Church, concluded that "[p]rior consent was obviously not


--- Page 225 ---
obtained from any of the subjects". The committee noted that the
"experiments sponsored by these researchers... call into question the
decision by the agencies not to fix guidelines for experiments. "
In Canada, the issue took much longer to surface, becoming widely known
in 1984 on a CBC news show, The Fifth Estate. It was learned that not only
had the CIA funded Dr. Cameron's efforts, but perhaps even more
shockingly, the Canadian government was fully aware of this, and had
later provided another $500,000 in funding to continue the experiments.
This revelation largely derailed efforts by the victims to sue the CIA as
their U. S. counterparts had, and the Canadian government eventually
settled out of court for $100,000 to each of the 127 victims.
U. S. General Accounting Office Report
The U. S. General Accounting Office issued a report on September 28, 1994,
which stated that between 1940 and 1974, DOD and other national security
agencies studied thousands of human subjects in tests and experiments
involving hazardous substances.
The quote from the study:
... Working with the CIA, the Department of Defense gave hallucinogenic
drugs to thousands of "volunteer" soldiers in the 1950's and 1960’s. In
addition to LSD, the Army also tested quinuclidinyl benzilate, a
hallucinogen code-named BZ. Many of these tests were conducted under the
so-called MKULTRA program, established to counter perceived Soviet
and Chinese advances in brainwashing techniques. Between 1953 and 1964,
the program consisted of 149 projects involving drug testing and other
studies on unwitting human subjects...
Extent of participation
44 American colleges or universities, 15 research foundations or chemical
or pharmaceutical companies and the like, 12 hospitals or clinics (in
addition to those associated with universities), and 3 prisons are known to
have participated in MKULTRA.
Famous subjects
Considerable evidence supports the contention that Unabomber Theodore
Kaczynski participated in CIA-sponsored MK-ULTRA experiments
conducted at Harvard University by Henry A. Murray, a professor in Social
Relations, from the fall of 1959 through the spring of 1962. Kaczynski was a
precocious, though impressionable, sixteen-year-old when he began his
participation; his assigned code name was "Lawful. " He emerged, years
later, as a terrorist and has been sentenced to life in prison without the
possibility of parole.


--- Page 226 ---
"Merry Prankster" Ken Kesey, author of One Flew Over the Cuckoo's Nest,
volunteered for MK-ULTRA experiments while a student at Stanford
University. Kesey's ingestion of LSD during these experiments led directly
to his widespread promotion of the drug and the subsequent development
of hippie culture. "
Reference: Wikipedia.org
83    ... "Dark Ages"...
"It is generally accepted that the concept (Dark Ages) was created by
Petrarch in the 1330s. Writing of those who had come before him, he said,
"Amidst the errors there shone forth men of genius, no less keen were
their eyes, although they were surrounded by darkness and dense gloom. "
Christian writers had traditional metaphors of "light versus darkness"
to describe "good versus evil". Petrarch was the first to co-opt the
metaphor and give it secular meaning by reversing its application.
Classical Antiquity, so long considered the "dark" age for its lack of
Christianity, was now seen by Petrarch as the age of "light" because of
its cultural achievements, while Petrarch's time, lacking such cultural
achievements, was seen as the age of darkness.
As an Italian, Petrarch saw the Roman Empire and the classical period as
expressions of Italian greatness. He spent much of his time traveling
through Europe rediscovering and republishing the classic Latin and
Greek texts. He wanted to restore the classical Latin language to its
former purity. Humanists saw the preceding 900-year period as a time
of stagnation. They saw history unfolding, not along the religious outline
of St. Augustine's Six Ages of the World, but in cultural (or secular) terms
through the progressive developments of classical ideals, literature, and
art.
Petrarch wrote that history had had two periods: the classic period of the
Greeks and Romans, followed by a time of darkness, in which he saw
himself as still living. Humanists believed one day the Roman Empire
would rise again and restore classic cultural purity, and so by the late 14th
and early 15th century, humanists such as Leonardo Bruni believed
they had attained this new age, and that a third, Modern Age had begun.
The age before their own, which Petrarch had labeled dark, thus became a
"middle" age between the classic and the modern. "
Reference: Wikipedia.org
84    "... the basic laws of physics... "
"The early modern period is seen as a flowering of the Renaissance, in
what is often known as the "Scientific Revolution", viewed as a


--- Page 227 ---
foundation of modern science. Historians like Howard Margolis hold that
the Scientific Revolution began in 1543, when Nicolaus Copernicus
received the first copy of his De Revolutionibus, printed in
Nuremberg (Nurnberg) by Johannes Petreius. Most of its contents had
been written years prior, but the publication had been delayed. Copernicus
died soon after receiving the copy.
Further significant advances were made over the following century by
Galileo Galilei, Christiaan Huygens, Johannes Kepler, and Blaise Pascal.
During the early seventeenth century, Galileo made extensive use of
experimentation to validate physical theories, which is the key idea in the
modern scientific method. Galileo formulated and successfully
tested several results in dynamics, in particular the Law of Inertia. In
Galileo's Two New Sciences, a dialogue between the characters Simplicio
and Salviati discuss the motion of a ship (as a moving frame) and how
that ship's cargo is indifferent to its motion. Huygens used the motion of a
boat along a Dutch canal to illustrate an early form of the conservation
of momentum.
The scientific revolution is considered to have culminated with the
publication of the Philosophiae Naturalis Principia Mathematica in 1687 by
the mathematician, physicist, alchemist and inventor Sir Isaac Newton
(1643-1727). In 1687, Newton published the Principia, detailing two
comprehensive and successful physical theories: Newton's laws of motion,
from which arise classical mechanics; and Newton's Law of Gravitation,
which describes the fundamental force of gravity. Both theories agreed well
with experiment. The Principia also included several theories in fluid
dynamics.
After Newton defined classical mechanics, the next great field of inquiry
within physics was the nature of electricity. "
Reference: Wikipedia.org
85    "... electricity... "
"Electricity would remain little more than an intellectual curiosity for over
two millennia until 1600, when the English physician William Gilbert made
a careful study of electricity and magnetism, distinguishing the lodestone
effect from static electricity produced by rubbing amber. He coined the New
Latin word electricus ("of amber" or "like amber", from [elektron], the
Greek word for "amber") to refer to the property of attracting small
objects after being rubbed. This association gave rise to the English words
"electric" and "electricity", which made their first appearance in print in


--- Page 228 ---
Thomas Browne's Pseudodoxia Epidemica of 1646.
Further work was conducted by Otto von Guericke, Robert Boyle, Stephen
Gray and C. F. du Fay. In the 18th century, Benjamin Franklin conducted
extensive research in electricity, selling his possessions to fund his work. In
June 1752 he is reputed to have attached a metal key to the bottom of a
dampened kite string and flown the kite in a storm-threatened sky. He
observed a succession of sparks jumping from the key to the back of his
hand, showing that lightning was indeed electrical in nature.
In 1791 Luigi Galvani published his discovery of bioelectricity,
demonstrating that electricity was the medium by which nerve cells passed
signals to the muscles. Alessandro Volta's battery, or voltaic pile, of 1800,
made from alternating layers of zinc and copper, provided scientists with a
more reliable source of electrical energy than the electrostatic
machines previously used. Andre-Marie Ampere discovered the relationship
between electricity and magnetism in 1820; Michael Faraday invented the
electric motor in 1821, and Georg Ohm mathematically analyzed the
electrical circuit in 1827.
While it had been the early nineteenth century that had seen rapid progress
in electrical science, the late nineteenth century would see the greatest
progress in electrical engineering. Through such people as Nikola Tesla,
Thomas Edison, George Westinghouse, Ernst Werner von Siemens,
Alexander Graham Bell and Lord Kelvin, electricity was turned from a
scientific curiosity into an essential tool for modern life, becoming a driving
force for the Second Industrial Revolution. "
Reference: Wikipedia.org
86    "... Sir Isaac Newton... "
"Sir Isaac Newton (4 January 1643 - 31 March 1727) was an English
physicist, mathematician, astronomer, theologian, natural philosopher, and
alchemist. His treatise
Philosophic Naturalis Principia Mathematica was published in 1687, and
said to be the greatest single work in the history of science, described
universal gravitation and the three laws of motion, laying the groundwork
for classical mechanics, which dominated the scientific view of the physical
universe for the next three centuries and is the basis for modern
engineering. He showed that the motions of objects on Earth and of
celestial bodies are governed by the same set of natural laws by
demonstrating the consistency between Kepler's laws of planetary motion


--- Page 229 ---
and his theory of gravitation, thus removing the last doubts about
heliocentrism and advancing the scientific revolution.
In mechanics, Newton enunciated the principles of conservation of
momentum and angular momentum. In optics, he invented the reflecting
telescope and developed a theory of colour based on the observation that a
prism decomposes white light into a visible spectrum. He also formulated
an empirical law of cooling and studied the speed of sound.
In mathematics, Newton shares the credit with Gottfried Leibniz for the
development of the calculus. He also demonstrated the generalized
binomial theorem, developed the so-called "Newton's method" for
approximating the zeroes of a function, and contributed to the study of
power series.
In a 2005 poll of the Royal Society of who had the greatest effect on the
history of science, Newton was deemed much more influential than Albert
Einstein. "
Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 230 ---
87 "... between lifetimes. "
"Dr. Carl Sagan was a noted scientist, teacher and skeptic. Sagan was a
founding member of a group that set out to debunk unscientific claims,
and wrote the book The DemonHaunted World in which he said that there
were several areas in parapsychology which deserved serious study:
"At the time of writing there are three claims in the ESP field which, in my
opinion, deserve serious study: (1) that by thought alone humans can
(barely) affect random number generators in computers; (2) that people
under mild sensory deprivation can receive thoughts or images
"projected" at them; and (3) that young children sometimes report
the details of a previous life, which upon checking turn out to be accurate
and which they could not have known about in any way other than
reincarnation. I pick these claims not because I think they're likely to be
valid (I don't), but as examples of contentions that might be true. "
"University of Virginia psychiatrists Dr. Jim Tucker and Professor Ian
Stevenson have published books and peer-reviewed research papers about
their work in examining cases of early childhood past life memories and
birthmarks. The most detailed collections of personal reports in favor of
reincarnation have been published by Professor Ian Stevenson, in
books such as Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation.
Stevenson has spent over 40 years devoted to the study of children who
have spoken about past lives. In each case, Stevenson methodically
documents the child's statements. Then, he identifies the deceased person
the child allegedly identifies with, and verifies the facts of the deceased
person's life that match the child's memory. Stevenson believes that
his meticulous methods rule out all possible "normal" explanations for the
child’s memories. However, it should be noted that a significant proportion
of the University of Virginia's reported cases of reincarnation originate in
Eastern societies, where dominant religions often permit the concept of
reincarnation. In India — where this phenomenon is quite common — if a
child from a poor family claims to be the reincarnated person from a rich
family, this can lead to the child to be adopted by that family, a motive that
has led to children making fraudulent reincarnation claims.
Stevenson has said about the 2500 cases of children who appeared to
remember past lives, which he and his associates investigated:
"My conclusion so far is that reincarnation is not the only explanation for
these cases, but that it is the best explanation we have for the stronger


--- Page 231 ---
cases, by which I mean those in which a child makes a considerable number
(say 20 or 30) of correct statements about another person who lives in a
family that lives quite remote from his own and with which his family has
had no prior contacts. When we talk about remoteness, we don't necessarily
just mean physical distance. We know that two families can live only 10
kilometers apart and yet they can be very remote because they belong to
different economic and social classes. "
Professor Stevenson has also matched birthmarks and birth defects to
wounds and scars on the deceased, verified by medical records such as
autopsy photographs.
Stevenson's research into birthmarks and congenital defects has particular
importance for the demonstration of reincarnation, since it furnishes
objective and graphic evidence of reincarnation, superior to the (often
fragmentary) memories and reports of the children and adults questioned,
which even if verified afterwards probably cannot be assigned the same. "
Reference: Wikipedia.org
88 "... lost civilizations of Atlantis... "
The following website has most of the popular information about Atlantis:
http://www.lost-civilizations. net/atlantis. html 89 "... and Lemuria... "
"The rise and fall of the Lemurian civilization cannot be accurately
documented, though many have gone in quest of this mythological continent.
Lost civilizations have been known to rise and fall - or just appear and
disappear without explanation. As with Atlantis one can only speculate as to
what happened, based on archaeological evidence, legends, theories pieced
together by researchers, and for some, metaphysical channelings.
The exact location of Lemuria varies with different researchers and authors,
though it is part of the mysteries of the Pacific region flowing into the
American continent, just as Atlantis is linked to the Atlantic land areas that
stretch to the Mediterranean Sea. Wherever you believe the location of
Lemuria to be, it is linked with the Ring of Fire. This area has become
active with a Tsunami in December 26, 2004, powerful earthquakes and
volcanoes that continue, after being dormant for many years. It would seem
that the legends of ancient Lemuria speak to us once again with warning
signs - as they supposedly did to the Lemurians -before the continent - or
group of islands - fell into the sea.
The fate of Lemuria, also known as Pacifica, Mu, and what Cayce called Zu
or Oz, is not unlike that proposed for Atlantis. It is much like the destiny of
humanity foreseen in our timeline by prophets of old and modern-day


--- Page 232 ---
clairvoyants. The legends are all the same... a thriving, advanced culture
that suddenly manifested out of nowhere. Their origins and downfall are
linked to destruction when their continent sank beneath the 'sea' due to
natural cataclysms and human imbalance. "
-- Reference: http://www.crystalinks.com/lemuria. html
90 "... polar shift"...
"In 1852, mathematician Joseph Adhemar suggested that the accumulation
of thick ice at the poles periodically caused the earth to flip and the equator
to move to where the poles were. An early mention of a shifting of the
Earth's axis can be found in an 1872 article entitled "Chronologie
historique des Mexicains" which interpreted ancient Mexican myths
as evidence for four periods of global cataclysms that had begun around 10,
500 B. C.
The novel Geyserland: Empiricisms in Social Reform. Being Data and
Observations Recorded by the Late Mark Stubble, M. D., Ph. D. (1908) by
Richard Hatfield used the device of a fictional study to locate a blissful
nation of pure Communism at the North Pole on the island of Atlantis. This
fictional Utopia was destroyed by a pole shift set in 9262 B. C.
Hugh Auchincloss Brown, an electrical engineer, advanced a theory of
catastrophic pole shift influenced by Adhemar’s earlier model. Brown also
argued that accumulation of ice at the poles caused recurring tipping of the
axis. identifying cycles of approximately 7 millennia.
Charles Hapgood is now perhaps the best remembered early proponent,
from in his books The Earth's Shifting Crust (1958) (which includes a
foreword by Albert Einstein) and Path of the Pole (1970). Hapgood,
building on Adhemar’s much earlier model, speculated that the ice mass at
one or both poles over-accumulates and destabilizes the earth's rotational
balance, causing slippage of all or much of earth's outer crust around the
earth's core, which retains its axial orientation. Based on his own research,
he argued that each shift took approximately five thousand years, followed
by 20 to 30 thousand year periods with no polar movements. Also, in his
calculations, the area of movement never covered more than 40 degrees. His
examples of recent locations for the North Pole include the Yukon Territory,
Hudson Bay, and in the Atlantic Ocean between Iceland and Norway.
This is an example of slow pole shift motion, which displays the most minor
alterations and no destruction. A more dramatic view assumes more rapid
changes, with dramatic alterations of geography and localized areas of
destruction due to earthquakes and tsunamis. Several recent books propose
changes that take place in weeks, days, or even hours, resulting in a variety


--- Page 233 ---
of doomsday scenarios.
Regardless of speed, the results of a shift occurring results in major climate
changes for most of the earth's surface, as areas that were formerly
equatorial become temperate, and areas that were temperate become either
more equatorial or more arctic.
Hapgood wrote to Canadian librarian, Rand Flem-Ath, encouraging him in
his pursuit of scientific evidence to back Hapgood's claim and in his
expansion of the theory. Flem-Ath published the results of this work in 1995
in When the Sky Fell co-written with his wife, Rose.
Other theories which are not dependent upon polar ice masses include those
involving:
•    a high-velocity asteroid or comet which hits Earth at such an angle that
the lithosphere moves independent of the mantle
•    a high-velocity asteroid or comet which hits Earth at such an angle that
the entire planet shifts axis.
•    an unusually magnetic celestial object which passes close enough to
Earth to temporarily reorient the magnetic field, which then “drags" the
lithosphere about a new axis of rotation. Eventually, the sun's magnetic field
again determines the Earth's, after the intruding celestial object “returns" to
a location from which it cannot influence Earth.
•    perturbations of the topography of the core-mantle boundary, perhaps
induced by differential core rotation and shift of its axial rotation vector,
leading to CMB mass redistributions. See, e. g., Bowin.
•    mass redistributions in the mantle from mantle avalanches or other
deformations. See, e. g., Ladbury, and Steinberger and O'Connell. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
91    "... Totalitarian... "
"Totalitarianism is a concept used in political science that describes a state
that regulates nearly every aspect of public and private behavior.
Totalitarian regimes or movements maintain themselves in political power
by means of secret police, propaganda disseminated through the state-
controlled mass media, personality cults, regulation and restriction of
free discussion and criticism, single-party states, the use of mass
surveillance, and widespread use of terror tactics.
Many consider the first totalitarian regimes to have begun in the 20th


--- Page 234 ---
century, which include the communist regimes of the Soviet Union and
Cuba, as well as totalitarianism of Nazi Germany, Fascist Italy, Spain under
Franco, Portugal under Salazar, as well as others. However some argue
that totalitarianism has existed centuries prior, such as in ancient China
under the political leadership of Prime Minister Li Si who helped the Qin
dynasty unify China. Li Si adopted the political philosophy of Legalism as
the ruling philosophical thought of China and restricted political activities
and destroyed all literature and killed scholars who did not support
Legalism. Totalitarianism was also used by the Spartan state in
Ancient Greece. Its “educational system" was part of the totalitarian
military society. The oligarchy running the state machine dictated every
aspect of life, including the rearing of children. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
92    "... planetary governments, regulated by a brutal
social, economic, and political hierarchy... "
"A hierarchy (in Greek: hieros, 'sacred', and arkho, 'rule') is a system of
ranking and organizing things or people, where each element of the system
(except for the top element) is a subordinate to a single other element.
A hierarchy can link entities either directly or indirectly, and either
vertically or horizontally. The only direct links in a hierarchy, insofar as
they are hierarchical, are to one's immediate superior or to one of one's
subordinates, although a system that is largely hierarchical can also
incorporate other organizational patterns. Indirect hierarchical links can
extend "vertically" upwards or downwards via multiple links in the same
direction. All parts of the hierarchy which are not vertically linked to one
another can nevertheless be "horizontally" linked by traveling up the
hierarchy to find a common direct or indirect superior, and then down
again. This is akin to two co-workers, neither of whom is the other's boss,
but both of whose chains of command will eventually meet. "
Many human organizations, such as governments, educational institutions,
businesses, churches, armies and political movements are hierarchical
organizations, at least officially; commonly seniors, called "bosses", have
more power than their subordinates. Thus the relationship defining this
hierarchy is "commands" or "has power over". Some analysts question
whether power "actually" works in the way the traditional organizational
chart indicates, however. This view tends to emphasize the significance of
the informal organization. "


--- Page 235 ---
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
93    "... royal monarch as its figurehead. "
"In politics, a figurehead, by metaphor with the carved figurehead at the
prow of a sailing ship, is a person who holds an important title or office yet
executes little actual power. Common figureheads include constitutional
monarchs, such as the Emperor of Japan, or presidents in parliamentary
democracies, such as the President of Israel.
While the authority of a figurehead is generally symbolic, respect and
access to high levels of government can give them significant influence on
some events. An example would be Emperor Hirohito's involvement in
World War II. In parliamentary systems, presidents are figureheads at times
of peace (delegated such powers as convening or dismissing the national
legislature), but at wartime they are often commanders in chief.
Sometimes a figurehead can be exploited in times of emergency. For
example, Indian Prime Minister Indira Gandhi used the figurehead
President of India to issue unilateral decrees that allowed her to bypass
parliament when it no longer supported her.
The word can also have more sinister overtones, and refer to a powerless
leader who should be exercising full authority, yet is actually being
controlled by a more powerful figure behind the throne.
The tendency of this word to drift, like many words that are in a strong
process of changed meanings, into the pejorative is beginning to make it
unsuitable to apply to a head of state with limited constitutional authority,
such that its use may become increasingly inappropriate in referring to
monarchs and presidents in parliamentary systems. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
94    "... united by a egalitarian esprit de corps... "
"Esprit de corps, when discussing the morale of a group, is an intangible
term used for the capacity of people to maintain belief in an institution or a
goal, or even in oneself and others. According to Alexander H. Leighton,
"morale is the capacity of a group of people to pull together persistently
and consistently in pursuit of a common purpose".
Egalitarian, (derived from the French word egal, meaning equal) is a
political doctrine that holds that all people should be treated as equals


--- Page 236 ---
from birth. Generally it applies to being held equal under the law, the
church, and society at large. In actual practice, one may be considered an
egalitarian in most areas listed above, even if not subscribing to equality
in every possible area of individual difference. For example, one might
support equal rights in race matters but not in gender issues, or vice versa.
"
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
95 "... Many of the IS-BEs on Earth are here because
they are violently opposed to totalitarian
governments... "
-- Editor's Note: Coincidentally, or perhaps NOT coincidentally, almost one
year after this interview, the novel "1984" by George Orwell, which was
published in June of 1948. The state of the U. S. government has grown to
mirror many of the features described by Orwell in the book, "Nineteen
Eighty-Four". It is easy to speculate that Orwell may have been "influenced"
by an IS-BE of The Domain while writing this book. Or, at the very least, he
was one of the IS-BEs sentenced to Earth because he is one of "... the IS-
BEs on Earth are here because they are violently opposed to totalitarian
governments... ".
The following description of the basis for Orwell's
"1984" are taken verbatim from Wikipedia.org. It is
a very close description of the "Old Empire"
government:
"Much of Oceanic society is based upon Stalin's Soviet Union. The "Two
Minutes' Hate" was the ritual demonization of State enemies and rivals;
Big Brother resembles Joseph Stalin: the Party's archenemy. Emmanuel
Goldstein, resembles Leon Trotsky (both are Jewish, both have the same
physiognomy, and Trotsky's real surname was 'Bronstein'). Another
suggested inspiration for Goldstein is Emma Goldman, the famous
Anarchist figure. Doctored photography is a propaganda technique and
the creation of unpersons in the story, analogous to Stalin's enemies being
made nonpersons and being erased from official photographic records;
the police treatment of several characters recalls the Moscow Trials of the
Great Purge. "


--- Page 237 ---
There a very many interesting parallels between the concepts discussed by
Orwell in "1984", and the description of the "Old Empire" government
and the Earth prison planet activities in the transcripts of the "Alien
Interviews" with Airl.
For example, a few of these are parallels cited in the following excerpt
from the internet encyclopedia, Wikipedia.org:
"The Thought Police capture Winston and Julia in their sanctuary
bedroom and they are separately interrogated at the Ministry of Love,
where the regime's opponents are tortured and killed, but sometimes
released (to be executed at a later date); Charrington, the shop keeper who
rented them the room reveals himself an officer of the Thought Police. In
the Ministry of Love torture chamber, O'Brien tells Smith that he will be
cured of his hatred for the Party. During a session, he explains to Winston
that torture's purpose is to alter his way of thinking, not to extract a fake
confession, adding that once cured — accepting reality as the Party
describes — he then will be executed: electroshock torture will achieve
that, continuing until O'Brien decides Winston is cured. "
For complete comparative analysis, read the book, "1984" or read the
entire reference to the book on the internet at Wikipedia.org, excerpted
below: "Nineteen Eighty-Four (also titled 1984), by George Orwell (the
pen name of Eric Arthur Blair), is an English dystopian novel about life
in a dictatorship as lived by Winston Smith, an intellectual worker at the
Ministry of Truth, and his degradation when he runs afoul of
the totalitarian government of Oceania, the state in which he lives in the
year 1984.
Orwell's influences
In the essay Why I Write, Orwell explains that all the serious work he
wrote since the Spanish Civil War in 1936 was "written, directly or
indirectly, against totalitarianism and for democratic socialism. "
Therefore, Nineteen Eighty-Four is an anti-totalitarian cautionary
tale about the betrayal of a revolution by its defenders. He already had
stated distrust of totalitarianism and betrayed revolutions in Homage to
Catalonia and Animal Farm. Coming Up For Air, at points, celebrates the
personal and political freedoms lost in Nineteen Eighty-Four.
The novel's title, its terms and its language (Newspeak), and its author's
surname are bywords for personal privacy lost to national state security.
The adjective "Orwellian " denotes totalitarian action and organization;
the phrase: Big Brother is Watching You connotes pervasive, invasive
surveillance. The following quotation has become famous:
War is Peace Freedom is Slavery Ignorance is Strength


--- Page 238 ---
Although the novel has been banned or challenged in some countries, it,
along with Brave New World, by Aldous Huxley, and Fahrenheit 451, by
Ray Bradbury, is among literature's most famous dystopias. In 2005, Time
magazine listed it among the best one hundred English-language novels
published since 1923.
Nineteen Eighty-Four introduces Oceania, one of the world's three
intercontinental totalitarian super-states. The story occurs in London, the
"chief city of Airstrip One", itself a province of Oceania that "had been
called England or Britain". Posters of "Big Brother", the Party leader;
with the caption BIG BROTHER IS WATCHING YOU, dominate the
city landscapes; two-way television (the telescreen) dominates the private
and public spaces of the populace.
Oceania's people are in three classes — (i) the Inner Party, (ii) the Outer
Party, and (iii) the "Proles". This government, the Party, controls them
via the Ministry of Truth (MiniTru), where Winston Smith, the
protagonist, works; he is a member of the Outer Party. His job in
MiniTru is the continual rewriting and altering of history so that the
government is always right and correct: destroying evidence, amending
newspaper articles, deleting the existence of people identified as
"unpersons".
The story begins on April 4, 1984: "It was a bright cold day in April, and
the clocks were striking thirteen. " The date is questionable, because it is
what Winston Smith perceives. In the story's course, he concludes it as
irrelevant, because the State can arbitrarily alter it; the year 1984 and its
world are transmutable.
The novel does not render the world's full history to 1984. Indeed, because
the book Winston reads is given to him by a Party member, it is possible
that the book itself is meant to be a deception, and the history of the world
of 1984 is somewhat different. Winston's recollections, and what he reads
in The Theory and Practice of Oligarchical Collectivism, by Emmanuel
Goldstein, reveal that after the Second World War, the United Kingdom fell
to civil war, becoming part of Oceania. Simultaneously, the Soviet Union
encompassed mainland Europe, forming Eurasia; the third super state,
Eastasia, comprises the east Asian countries around China and Japan.
There was an atomic war, fought mainly in Europe, western Russia, and
North America. It is unclear what occurred first: the civil war wherein the
Party assumed power or the United States' annexation of the British Empire
or the war during which Colchester was bombed.
During the Second World War, George Orwell repeatedly said that British
democracy, as it existed before 1939, would not survive the war; the


--- Page 239 ---
question being: Would it end via Fascist coup d'etat (from above) or via
Socialist revolution (from below)? During the war, Orwell admitted events
proved him wrong: "What really matters is that I fell into the trap
of assuming that 'the war and the revolution are inseparable' "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
96 "... Wars are fought with electronic cannon. "...
"I have not thought it hazardous to predict, that wars in the future will be
waged by electrical means. " -- Nikola Tesla, 1915
Tesla made some remarkable claims concerning a "teleforce" weapon. The
press called it a "peace ray" or death ray. In total, the components and
methods included:
1.    An apparatus for producing manifestations of energy in free air instead
of in a high vacuum as in the past. This, according to Tesla in 1934, was
accomplished.
2.    A mechanism for generating tremendous electrical force. This,
according to Tesla, was also accomplished.
3.    A means of intensifying and amplifying the force developed by the
second mechanism.
4.    A new method for producing a tremendous electrical repelling force.
This would be the projector, or gun, of the invention.
Tesla worked on plans for a directed-energy weapon between the early
1900s till the time of his death. In 1937, Tesla composed a treatise entitled
"The Art of Projecting Concentrated Non-dispersive Energy through the
Natural Media" concerning charged particle beams.
Tesla published the document in an attempt to expound on the technical
description of a "superweapon that would put an end to all war". This
treatise of the particle beam is currently in the Nikola Tesla Museum
archive in Belgrade. It described an open ended vacuum tube with a gas jet
seal that allowed particles to exit, a method of charging particles to millions
of volts, and a method of creating and directing nondispersive particle
streams (through electrostatic repulsion).
Records of his indicate that it was based on a narrow stream of atomic
clusters of liquid mercury or tungsten accelerated via high voltage (by
means akin to his magnifying transformer). Tesla gave the following
description concerning the particle gun's operation: [The nozzle would]
send concentrated beams of particles through the free air, of


--- Page 240 ---
such tremendous energy that they will bring down a fleet of 10,000 enemy
airplanes at a distance of 200 miles from a defending nation's border and
will cause armies to drop dead in their tracks. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
97    ”... like the Axis powers... ”
"The Axis powers, also interpreted as Axis alliance, Axis nations, Axis
countries or sometimes just the Axis were those countries opposed to the
Allies during World War II. The three major Axis powers, Nazi Germany,
Fascist Italy, and Imperial Japan were part of a military alliance on the
signing of the Tripartite Pact in September 1940, which officially founded
the Axis powers. At their zenith, the Axis powers ruled empires that
dominated large parts of Europe, Africa, East and Southeast Asia and the
Pacific Ocean, but World War II ended with their total defeat. Like the
Allies, membership of the Axis was fluid, and some nations entered and
later left the Axis during the course of the war.
The term was first used by Benito Mussolini, in November 1936, when he
spoke of a Rome-Berlin axis arising out of the treaty of friendship signed
between Italy and Germany on October 25, 1936. Mussolini declared that
the two countries would form an "axis" around which the other states of
Europe would revolve. This treaty was forged when Italy,
originally opposed to Germany, was faced with opposition to its war in
Abyssinia from the League of Nations and received support from Germany.
Later, in May 1939, this relationship transformed into an alliance, called by
Mussolini the "Pact of Steel". "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
98    ”... Vedic Hymns... ”
The Vedas are very exhaustive scriptures. Each veda contains several
sections and thousands of hymns. Some of the Vedic hymns, especially the
hymns of the Rig veda, are considered to be at least 6000-8000 years old.
The Vedas are believed to be revealed scriptures, because they are
considered to be divine in origin. Since they were not written by any human
beings but were only heard in deep meditative states, they are
commonly referred a "those that were heard".
Here is one of the most famous hymns from the Rig Vega:: The Hymn of
Creation"
"A time is envisioned when the world was not, only a watery chaos (the
dark, "indistinguishable sea") and a warm cosmic breath, which could
give an impetus of life. Notice how thought gives rise to desire (when


--- Page 241 ---
something is thought of it can then be desired) and desire links non-being
to being (we desire what is not but then try to bring it about that it is). Yet
the whole process is shrouded in mystery.
Where do the gods fit in this creation scheme?
The non-existent was not; the existent was not at that time. The
atmosphere was not nor the heavens which are beyond. What was
concealed? Where? In whose protection? Was it water? An unfathomable
abyss?
There was neither death nor immortality then. There was not distinction of
day or night. That alone breathed windless by its own power. Other than
that there was not anything else.
Darkness was hidden by darkness in the beginning. All this was an
indistinguishable sea. That which becomes, that which was enveloped by
the void, that alone was born through the power of heat.
Upon that desire arose in the beginning. This was the first discharge of
thought. Sages discovered this link of the existent to the nonexistent,
having searched in the heart with wisdom.
Their line [of vision] was extended across; what was below, what was
above? There were impregnators, there were powers: inherent power
below, impulses above.
Who knows truly? Who here will declare whence it arose, whence this
creation? The gods are subsequent to the creation of this. Who, then,
knows whence it has come into being?
Whence this creation has come into being; whether it was made or not; he
in the highest heaven is its surveyor. Surely he knows, or perhaps he
knows not. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
99    "... the Aryan people... "
"The Vedic term arya- in its earliest attestations has a meaning of
"stranger", but "stranger" in the sense of "potential guest". The Sanskrit
lexicon defines Arya as mahakula kulinarya "being of a noble family",
sabhya "having gentle or refined behavior and demeanor", sajjana "being
well-born and respectable", and sadhava "being virtuous, honourable, or
righteous". Arya, is a title of honor and respect given to certain people for
noble behavior.
The Aryan race was a term used in the early 20th century by European
racial theorists who believed strongly in the division of humanity into


--- Page 242 ---
biologically distinct races with differing characteristics. Such writers
believed that the Proto-Indo-Europeans constituted a specific race that
had expanded across parts of Europe, Iran and small parts of northern
India. This usage tends to merge the Sanskrit meaning of "noble" or
"elevated" with the idea of distinctive behavioral and ancestral ethnicity
marked by language distribution.
Nazism portrayed their interpretation of an "Aryan race" as the only race
capable of, or with an interest in, creating and maintaining culture and
civilizations, while other races are merely capable of conversion, or
destruction of culture. These arguments derived from late nineteenth
century racial hierarchies. Some Nazis were also influenced by
Madame Blavatsky's The Secret Doctrine (1888) where she postulates
"Aryans" as the fifth of her "Root Races", dating them to about a million
years ago, tracing them to Atlantis,
Because of historical racist use of Aryan, and especially use of Aryan race
in connection with the propaganda of Nazism, the word is sometimes
avoided in the West as being tainted, in the same manner as the swastika
symbol. Currently, India and Iran are the only countries to use the word
Aryan in a demographic denomination. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
100    "... the Vedic Hymns... "
"The term veda means "knowledge, (sacred) lore" embraces a body of
writings the origin of which is ascribed to divine revelation (shruti,
literally "hearing"), and which forms the foundation of the Brahmanical
system of religious belief. This sacred canon is divided into three or
(according to a later scheme) four co-ordinate collections, likewise called
Veda:
(I) the Rig-veda, or lore of praise (or hymns); (2) the Samaveda, or lore of
tunes (or chants); (3) the Yajurveda, or lore of prayer (or sacrificial
formulas); and (4) the Atharvaveda, or lore of the Atharvans. Each of
these four Vedas consists primarily of a collection (samihita) of sacred,
mostly poetical, texts of a devotional nature, called mantra. This
entire body of texts (and particularly the first three collections) is also
frequently referred to as the trayi vidya, or threefold wisdom, of hymns
(rik), tune or chant (saman), and prayer (yajus), the fourth Veda, if at all
included, being in that case classed together with the Rik."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 243 ---
101    "...Vishnu..."
"Vishnu is the All-Pervading essence of all beings, the master of and
beyond the past, present and future, the creator and destroyer of all
existences, one who supports, sustains and governs the Universe and
originates and develops all elements within. In the Rigveda, Vishnu is
mentioned 93 times.
The traditional Sanskrit explanation of the name ViCIlJu involves the root
vis, meaning "to settle, to enter", or "to pervade", and a suffix nu,
translating to approximately "the All-Pervading One".
He has nine avatars, or 'incarnations' (which) are described as having
occurred in the past, with one still to happen at the end of Kali Yuga. The
Bhagavad Gita mentions their purpose as being to vanquish negative
forces."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 244 ---
102    "...past lives."
A "past lives" scenario automatically infers a "future life" in the context of
an amnesia and prison planet operation. This implies the phenomenon of
reincarnation:
"Reincarnation literally "to be made flesh again", is a doctrine or
metaphysical belief that some essential part of a living being (in some
variations only human beings) survives death to be reborn in a new body.
This essential part is often referred to as the spirit or soul, the "higher" or
"true" self, "divine spark", or "I". According to such beliefs, a new
personality is developed during each life in the physical world, but some
part of the self remains constant throughout the successive lives.
Belief in reincarnation is an ancient phenomenon. This doctrine is a
central tenet within the majority of Indian religious traditions, such as
Hinduism (including Yoga, Vaishnavism, and Shaivism), Jainism, and
Sikhism. The idea was also entertained by some Ancient
Greek philosophers. Many modern Pagans also believe in reincarnation as
do some New Age movements, along with followers of Spiritism,
practitioners of certain African traditions, and students of esoteric
philosophies such as Kabbalah, Sufism and Gnostic and
Esoteric Christianity. The Buddhist concept of Rebirth although often
referred to as reincarnation differs significantly from the Hindu-based
traditions and New Age movements in that there is no "self" (or eternal
soul) to reincarnate.
During recent decades, a significant minority of people in the West have
developed a belief in reincarnation. Notable exceptions include Henry
Ford and General George Patton.
Henry Ford was convinced he had lived before, most recently as a soldier
killed at the battle of Gettysburg. A quote from the San Francisco Examiner
from August 26, 1928 described Ford's beliefs:
"I adopted the theory of Reincarnation when I was twenty-six. Religion
offered nothing to the point. Even work could not give me complete
satisfaction. Work is futile if we cannot utilize the experience we collect in
one life in the next. When I discovered Reincarnation it was as if I had found
a universal plan I realized that there was a chance to work out my ideas.
Time was no longer limited. I was no longer a slave to the hands of the
clock. Genius is experience. Some seem to think that it is a gift or talent, but
it is the fruit of long experience in many lives. Some are older souls than


--- Page 245 ---
others, and so they know more. The discovery of Reincarnation put my mind
at ease. If you preserve a record of this conversation, write it so that it
puts men’s minds at ease. I would like to communicate to others the
calmness that the long view of life gives to us. "
General George S. Patton was a staunch believer in reincarnation and,
along with many other members of his family, often claimed to have seen
vivid, lifelike visions of his ancestors. In particular, Patton believed he was
a reincarnation of Carthaginian General Hannibal.
The most detailed collections of personal reports in favor of reincarnation
have been published by Professor Ian Stevenson, from the University of
Virginia, in books such as Twenty Cases Suggestive of Reincarnation.
Stevenson spent over 40 years devoted to the study of children who have
apparently spoken about a past life. In each case, Professor Stevenson
methodically documented the child's statements. Then he identified the
deceased person the child allegedly identified with, and verified the facts of
the deceased person's life that matched the child's memory. He also matched
birthmarks and birth defects to wounds and scars on the deceased, verified
by medical records such as autopsy photographs.
In a fairly typical case, a boy in Beirut spoke of being a 25-year-old
mechanic, thrown to his death from a speeding car on a beach road.
According to multiple witnesses, the boy provided the name of the driver, the
exact location of the crash, the names of the mechanic's sisters and parents
and cousins, and the people he went hunting with -- all of which turned out
to match the life of a man who had died several years before the boy was
born, and who had no apparent connection to the boy's family.
Stevenson believed that his strict methods ruled out all possible "normal"
explanations for the child’s memories. However, it should be noted that a
significant majority of Professor Stevenson's reported cases of reincarnation
originate in Eastern societies, where dominant religions often permit the
concept of reincarnation. Following this type of criticism,
Stevenson published a book on European cases suggestive of reincarnation.
"
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org "The cartouche of Akhenaten's god and
heavenly father, the Aten, bore the name Imram. In the Bible, Moses is
referred to as the son of Amram, the Hebrew equivalent.
The name of the Egyptian deity Aten transliterates into the Hebrew word
Adon. Adon, which is translated by English Bibles as "the Lord" (and
Adonai, translated as "my Lord") is used along with Jehovah (Yhwh) in
the Bible as the exclusive personal names of God. Moreover, in ancient
times, the name Jehovah (Yhwh) was written, but never spoken. Whenever


--- Page 246 ---
the written name Jehovah (Yhwh) was to be read out loud, Adon (Aten)
was voiced instead. The written form of Adon is infrequent, however, its
limited usage is significant, especially in the first six books of the Bible
(See under "LORD" in Strong's Exhaustive Concordance), where it is
reserved for the following applications alone: Moses addresses God using
the title Adon/Aten (Exodus 4: 10, 13; 5: 22; 34: 9; Numbers 14:
17; Deuteronomy 3: 23; 7: 26; 10: 17); Moses, himself, is addressed both
by Aaron (Ex. 32: 22; Num. 12: 11) and by Joshua (Numbers 11: 28)
using the title Adon/Aten; and Joshua also addresses God using the title
Adon/Aten (Joshua 5: 14 b; 7: 7). As mentioned above, there is an
established relationship between the literature of the Egyptian 18th
Dynasty and the Bible. Psalm 104 is an embellishment of the Hymn to the
Aten which was found by archaeologists at the city of Akhetaten. "
http://www.domainofman.com/ankhemmaat/moses. html
"Recent and non-Biblical view places Moses as a noble in the court of the
Pharaoh Akhenaten. A significant number of scholars, from Sigmund
Freud to Joseph Campbell, suggest that Moses may have fled Egypt after
Akhenaten's death (ca. 1334 BC) when many of the pharaoh's
monotheistic reforms were being violently reversed. The principal
ideas behind this theory are: the monotheistic religion of Akhenaten being
a possible predecessor to Moses' monotheism, and the "Amarna Letters",
written by nobles to Akhenaten, which describe raiding bands of
"Habiru" attacking the Egyptian territories in Mesopotamia. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
104    "... Amenhotep III... "
"Amenhotep III, meaning Amun is Satisfied was the ninth pharaoh of the
Eighteenth dynasty. According to different authors, he ruled Egypt from
June 1391 BC-December 1353 BCE or June 1388 BCE to December 1351
BC/1350 BCE after his father Thutmose IV died. Amenhotep III was the
son of Thutmose IV by Mutemwia, a minor wife of Amenhotep's father.
Amenhotep III fathered two sons with his Great Royal Wife Tiye, a great
queen known as the progenitor of monotheism via the Crown Prince
Tuthmose who predeceased his father, and his second son, Akhenaten,
who ultimately succeeded him to the throne. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
105    "... Akhenaten... "
"Akhenaten, meaning Effective spirit of Aten, first known as Amenhotep


--- Page 247 ---
IV (sometimes read as Amenophis IV and meaning Amun is Satisfied)
before his first year, was a Pharaoh of the Eighteenth dynasty of Egypt.
He is especially noted for attempting to compel the Egyptian population in
the monotheistic worship of Aten, although there are doubts as to
how successful he was at this.
Amenhotep IV succeeded his father after Amenhotep III's death at the end
of his 38-year reign, possibly after a coregency lasting between either 1 to
2 or 12 years. Suggested dates for Akhenaten's reign (subject to the
debates surrounding Egyptian chronology) are from 1353 BCE - 1336
BCE or 1351 BCE - 1334 BCE Akhenaten's chief wife was Nefertiti.
His religious reformation appears to have begun with his decision to
celebrate a Sed festival in his third regnal year - a highly unusual step, since
a Sed-festival, a sort of royal jubilee intended to reinforce the Pharaoh's
divine powers of kingship, was traditionally held in the thirtieth year of a
Pharaoh's reign.
Year eight marked the beginning of construction on his new capital,
Akhetaten ('Horizon of Aten'), at the site known today as Amarna. In the
same year, Amenhotep IV officially changed his name to Akhenaten
('Effective Spirit of Aten') as evidence of his shifting religious perspective.
Very soon afterward he centralized Egyptian religious practices
in Akhenaten, though construction of the city seems to have continued for
several more years. In honor of Aten, Akhenaten also oversaw the
construction of some of the most massive temple complexes in ancient Egypt,
including one at Karnak, close to the old temple of Amun. In these new
temples, Aten was worshipped in the open sunlight, rather than in
dark temple enclosures, as had been the previous custom. Akhenaten is also
believed to have composed the Great Hymn to the Aten.
Initially, Akhenaten presented Aten as a variant of the familiar supreme
deity Amun-Ra (itself the result of an earlier rise to prominence of the cult of
Amun, resulting in Amun becoming merged with the sun god Ra), in an
attempt to put his ideas in a familiar Egyptian religious context. However,
by Year 9 of his reign Akhenaten declared that Aten was not merely
the supreme god, but the only god, and that he, Akhenaten, was the only
intermediary between Aten and his people. He ordered the defacing of
Amun's temples throughout Egypt, and in a number of instances inscriptions
of the plural 'gods' were also removed.
Aten's name is also written differently after Year 9, to emphasize the
radicalism of the new regime, which included a ban on idols, with the
exception of a rayed solar disc, in which the rays (commonly depicted
ending in hands) appear to represent the unseen spirit of Aten, who by then


--- Page 248 ---
was evidently considered not merely a sun god, but rather a universal deity.
It is important to note, however, that representations of the Aten were
always accompanied with a sort of "hieroglyphic footnote", stating that the
representation of the sun as All-encompassing Creator was to be taken as
just that: a representation of something that, by its very nature as something
transcending creation, cannot be fully or adequately represented by any one
part of that creation. "
This Amarna period is also associated with a serious outbreak of a
pandemic, possibly the plague, or polio, or perhaps the world's first
recorded outbreak of influenza, which came from Egypt and spread
throughout the Middle East, killing Suppiluliuma I, the Hittite King.
Influenza is a disease associated with the close proximity of water fowl, pigs
and humans, and its origin as a pandemic disease may be due to the
development of agricultural systems that allow the mixing of these animals
and their wastes.
Some of the first archaeological evidence for this agricultural system is
during the Amarna period of Ancient Egypt, and the pandemic that followed
this period throughout the Ancient Near East may have been the earliest
recorded outbreak of influenza. However, the precise nature of this
Egyptian plague remains unknown and Asia has also been suggested as a
possible site of origin of pandemic influenza in humans. The prevalence of
disease may help explain the rapidity with which the site of Akhetaten was
subsequently abandoned. It may also explain why later generations
considered the gods to have turned against the Amarna monarchs. The
black plague has also been suggested due to the fact that at Amarna the
traces of the plague have been found. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
"Nefertiti (pronounced at the time something like *nafrati. ta) (c. 1370 BCE
- c. 1330 BCE) was the Great Royal Wife (or chief consort/wife) of the
Egyptian Pharaoh Akhenaten. She was the mother-in-law and probable
stepmother of the Pharaoh Tutankhamun. Nefertiti may have also ruled as
pharaoh in her own right under the name Neferneferuaten briefly after
her husband's death and before the accession of Tutankhamun, although this
identification is doubted by the latest research. Her name roughly translates
to "the beautiful (or perfect) one has arrived". She also shares her name
with a type of elongated gold bead, called "nefer", that she was often
portrayed as wearing. She was made famous by her bust, now in
Berlin's Altes Museum.
Nefertiti's parentage is not known with certainty, but it is now generally
believed that she was the daughter of AY later to be pharaoh. Another


--- Page 249 ---
theory that gained some support identified Nefertiti with the Mitanni
princess Tadukhipa. The name Nimerithin has been mentioned in older
scrolls, as an alternative name, but this has not yet been officially
confirmed. It has also been suggested that Nefertiti was a daughter or
relative of Amenhotep III, or of the high Theban nobility. Another theory
places Nefertiti as the daughter of Sitamun, half-sister of Amenhotep III.
Queen Iaret was Sitamun's mother. Iaret held important hereditary titles
that ceased to exist after the ascension of Amenhotep III. Sitamun is elevated
to Great Royal Wife beside Tiye but there is no indication that she ever had
children and if so with whom. There is some evidence based upon the titles
of each of these women that suggests that they were somehow related to one
another in her family... Her name means "beautiful one". Nefertiti only
worshiped one god by the name of Aten. Depending on which reconstruction
of the genealogy of the ancient Egyptian pharaohs is followed, her husband
Akhenaten may have been the father or half-brother of the Pharaoh
Tutankhaten (later called Tutankhamen).
She had six known daughters with the Pharaoh Akhenaten. This is a list with
suggested years of birth:
•    Meritaten: Before year one or the very beginning of year one. (1356
BC).
•    Meketaten: Year 1 or three (1349 BC).
•    Ankhesenpaaten, later queen of Tutankhamun
•    Neferneferuaten Tasherit: Year 6 (1344 BC)
•    Neferneferure: Year 9 (1341 BC).
•    Setepenre: Year 11 (1339 BC). "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org 107 "... Tutankhamun... "
"He was the son of Akhenaten, also known as Amenhotep IV, and his minor
wife Queen Kiya. Queen Kiya's title was "Greatly Beloved Wife of
Akhenaten" so it is possible that she could have borne him an heir.
Supporting this theory, images on the tomb wall in the tomb of Akhenaten
show a royal fan bearer standing next to Kiya's death bed, fanning what is
either a princess or more likely a wet nurse holding a baby, which would
indicate that the wet nurse was holding the boy-king-to-be.
Tutankhamun was only nine or ten years old when he became pharaoh, and
reigned for approximately ten years, making him nineteen years old at
death. In historical terms Tutankhamun significance stems from his rejection
of the radical religious innovations introduced by his predecessor
Akenhaten and that his tomb, uniquely, in the Valley of the Kings was


--- Page 250 ---
discovered almost completely intact -- the most complete ancient Egyptian
tomb ever found. As Tutankhamun began his reign at such an early age,
his vizier and eventual successor Ay was probably making most of the
important political decisions during Tutankhamun's reign. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
108 ... "Brothers of the Snake"...
"It cannot be overemphasized that the serpent or snake plays no role in
the teachings or ritual of regular Freemasonry. Its introduction as a
fastener for masonic aprons is easily seen as the work of regalia
manufacturers. That said, the symbolic usages of the snake are of interest
to students of religion, esoterica, and of history.
On the other hand, George Oliver writes that the serpent is a "significant
symbol in Freemasonry: Moses' rod changed into a serpent, "The
serpentine emblem of Masonry... is a bright symbol of Hope; for the
promised Deliverer will open the gates of Heaven to his faithful followers
by bruising its head, and they shall enter triumphantly, trampling on
its prostrate body. " "A striking emblem of Christianity triumphant; and
bearing an undoubted reference to the promise made to Adam after his
unhappy fall. " In mainstream Christian beliefs, the snake represents
temptation and evil: the snake is the servant of Satan. But it has also had
its more positive significance.
In ancient Egyptian mythology the world was created by four powers, one
of which was the sun god Amun-Ra who took the form of a snake and
emerged from the water to inseminated the cosmic egg, the kneph, which
was created by the other gods. In another story, a god named Hathor
transformed himself into a poisonous snake called Agep and killed Seth.
He also guarded the wheat fields where the spirit of Horus was said to
live, bringing the sheaf of wheat to be regarded as the symbol of rebirth.
W. Bro. H. Meij suggests that this is the root of the masonic usage of an
ear of corn in the Fellowcraft degree.
In Greek mythology Zeus freed two eagles which met at the centre of the
world, sometimes called the navel of the earth, which is guarded by a
snake called Pytho. The symbol Serpens Candivorens, a snake biting its
tail, represents the unending cycle of nature between destruction, and new
creation, life and death. The Greeks called this figure Ouroboros. Chinese
mythology maintained that the world was surrounded by two entwined
snakes, which symbolized the power and wisdom of the creator. In another
legend the Buddha was attacked by a snake which bound itself seven times


--- Page 251 ---
around his waist. Due to the inner strength of the Buddha, the snake
could not kill him but instead became his follower.
Astrologers, or those interested in the historical development of astrology,
will point out that some systems include a thirteenth sign of the zodiac
known as Ophiuchus Serpentarius, the Serpent Holder. This constellation
lies between Sagittarius and Libra, somewhat over Scorpio. In the
sixteenth and seventeenth centuries this constellation was called
Alpheichius. Known as the "God of Invocation", this house was named
after the legendary healer, Ophiuchus (Asclepius). The two serpents in his
hands later replaced the twin ribbons around the caduceus which became
a symbol for physicians. "
-- Reference: freemasonry.bcy.ca/symbolism/serpent.html
109    "... assassinated by the Priests of Amen... "
"The High Priest of Amun or First Prophet of Amun was the highest ranking
priest in the priesthood of the ancient Egyptian god Amun.
"Maya" was the High Priest of Amen until year 4 of Akhenaten. Redford
speculates that Maya is short for Ptahmose and that Ptahmose served from
the end of the reign of Amenhotep III until the beginning of the time of
Akhenaten.
"Parennefer" was the High Priest of Amen during the reigns of
Tutankhamen and Horemheb. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
110    "... Moses... "
"(The Exodus of Hebrew slave from Egypt, led by Moses) may have
occurred around 1400s BC, since the Amarna letters, written ca. forty
years later to Pharaohs Amenhotep III and Amenhotep IV (Akhenaten)
indicate that Canaan was being invaded by the "Habiru"— whom some
scholars in the 1950s to 1970s interpret to mean "Hebrews".
Exodus 34: 29-35 tells that after meeting with God the skin of Moses' face
became radiant, frightening the Israelites and leading Moses to wear a
veil. Jonathan Kirsch, in his book Moses: A Life, thought that, since he
subsequently had to wear a veil to hide it, Moses' face was disfigured by a
sort of "divine radiation burn".
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
111    .. Yahweh... "
"The cartouche of Akhenaten's god and heavenly father, the Aten, bore
the name Imram. In the Bible, Moses is referred to as the son of Amram,


--- Page 252 ---
the Hebrew equivalent. The name of the Egyptian deity Aten transliterates
into the Hebrew word Adon. Adon, which is translated by English Bibles
as "the Lord" (and Adonai, translated as "my Lord") is used along with
Jehovah (Yhwh) in the Bible as the exclusive personal names of God.
Moreover, in ancient times, the name Jehovah (Yhwh) was written, but
never spoken. Whenever the written name Jehovah (Yhwh) was to be read
out loud, Adon (Aten) was voiced instead. The written form of Adon is
infrequent, however, its limited usage is significant, especially in the first
six books of the Bible (See under "LORD" in Strong's Exhaustive
Concordance), where it is reserved for the following applications alone:
Moses addresses God using the title Adon/Aten (Exodus 4: 10, 13; 5: 22;
34: 9; Numbers 14: 17; Deuteronomy 3: 23; 7: 26; 10: 17); Moses,
himself, is addressed both by Aaron (Ex. 32: 22; Num. 12: 11) and
by Joshua (Numbers 11: 28) using the title Adon/Aten; and Joshua also
addresses God using the title Adon/Aten (Joshua 5: 14 b; 7: 7). As
mentioned above, there is an established relationship between the
literature of the Egyptian 18th Dynasty and the Bible. Psalm 104 is an
embellishment of the Hymn to the Aten which was found by
archaeologists at the city of Akhetaten. "
-- Reference: http://www.domainofman.com/ankhemmaat/moses. html
"Yahweh is an English rendition of min, the name of the God of Israel.
During the Babylonian captivity, the Hebrew language spoken by the Jews
was replaced by the
Aramaic language of their Babylonian captors, which was closely related to
Hebrew and, while sharing many vocabulary words in common, contained
some words that sounded the same or similar but had other meanings. In
Aramaic, the Hebrew word for “blaspheme" used in Leviticus 24: 16,
“Anyone who blasphemes the name of YHWH must be put to death" carried
the meaning of “pronounce" rather than “blaspheme".
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
112    "... Torah... decoded... "
"The Bible Code is a best-selling controversial book by Michael Drosnin,
first published in 1997. A sequel, The Bible Code II, was published in 2002
and also reached best-seller status.
Drosnin describes an alleged "Bible code", in which messages are encoded
in the Hebrew bible. The messages are purported to be hidden in the Torah,
and can be deciphered by placing the letters of various Torah passages at


--- Page 253 ---
equal intervals in a text that has been formatted to fit inside a graph.
Drosnin suggests that the Code was written by extraterrestrial life (which he
claims also brought the DNA of the human genetic code to Earth). Drosnin
elaborates on this theory in The Bible Code II, suggesting that the alien who
brought the code left the key to the code in a steel obelisk. Drosnin
attempted to find this obelisk, which he believes is buried near the Dead
Sea. Drosnin's book is based on the technique described in the paper
"Equidistant Letter Sequences in the Book of Genesis" by Professor Eliyahu
Rips of the Hebrew University in Israel with Doron Witztum and Yoav
Rosenberg. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
113    "... Buddha... "
"The following points are the a few of the fundamentals of the teachings
attributed to Gautama Buddha:
The Four Noble Truths: that suffering is an inherent part of existence; that
the origin of suffering is ignorance and the main symptoms of that ignorance
are attachment and craving; that attachment and craving can be ceased;
and that following the Noble Eightfold Path will lead to the cessation of
attachment and craving and therefore suffering.
The Noble Eightfold Path: right understanding, right thought, right speech,
right action, right livelihood, right effort, right mindfulness, and right
concentration.
Dependent origination: that any phenomenon 'exists' only because of the
‘existence’ of other phenomena in a complex web of cause and effect
covering time past, present and future.
Because all things are thus conditioned and transient (anicca), they have no
real independent identity (anatta).
Anicca (Sanskrit: anitya): That all things are impermanent.
Anatta (Sanskrit: anatman): That the perception of a constant "self is an
illusion. Dukkha (Sanskrit: du kha): That all beings suffer from all situations
due to unclear
mind.
According to tradition, the Buddha emphasized ethics and correct
understanding. He questioned the average person's notions of divinity and
salvation. He stated that gods are subjected to karma themselves; and the


--- Page 254 ---
Buddha is solely a guide and teacher for the
sentient beings who must tread the path of Nirvana themselves to attain
the spiritual awakening called bodhi and see truth and reality as it is. The
Buddhist system of insight and meditation practice is not believed to have
been revealed divinely, but by the understanding of the true nature of the
mind, which must be discovered by personally treading a spiritual path
guided by the Buddha's teachings. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 255 ---
114    "... Laozi... "
"The Daodejing, often called simply the Laozi after its reputed author,
describes the Dao (or Tao) as the mystical source and ideal of all
existence: it is unseen, but not transcendent, immensely powerful yet
supremely humble, being the root of all things. According to
the Daodejing, humans have no special place within the Dao, being just
one of its many ("ten thousand") manifestations. People have desires and
free will (and thus are able to alter ther own nature). Many act
"unnaturally", upsetting the natural balance of the Dao. The Daodejing
intends to lead students to a "return " to their natural state, in harmony
with Dao. Language and conventional wisdom are critically assessed.
Taoism views them as inherently biased and artificial, widely using
paradoxes to sharpen the point.
Wu wei, literally "non-action" or "not acting", is a central concept of the
Daodejing. The concept of wu wei is very complex and reflected in the
words' multiple meanings, even in English translation; it can mean "not
doing anything", "not forcing", "not acting" in the theatrical sense,
"creating nothingness", "acting spontaneously", and "flowing with
the moment. "
Laozi used the term broadly with simplicity and humility as key virtues,
often in contrast to selfish action. On a political level, it means avoiding
such circumstances as war, harsh laws and heavy taxes. Some Taoists see
a connection between wu wei and esoteric practices, such as the "sitting in
oblivion" (emptying the mind of bodily awareness and thought) found in
the Zhuangzi.
Taoism is a religion addressing the quest of immortality. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 256 ---
115    "... Zoroaster... "
"The best known (Zoroastrians were the) Magi, the "Wise Men from the
East" in the Bible, (who brought gifts to Bethlehem) and whose graves
Marco Polo claimed to have seen in what is today the district of Saveh,
near Tehran, Iran. In English, the term is the origin of the words magic
and magician.
"Many traits of Zoroastrianism can be traced back to the culture and
beliefs of the proto-Indo-Iranian period, and Zoroastrianism consequently
shares some elements with the historical Vedic religion that also has its
origins in that era.
Central to Zoroastrianism is the emphasis on moral choice, to choose
between the responsibility and duty for which one is in the mortal world,
or to give up this duty and so facilitate the work of druj. Similarly,
predestination is rejected in Zoroastrian teaching. Humans bear
responsibility for all situations they are in, and in the way they act to
one another. Reward, punishment, happiness and grief all depend on how
individuals live their life.
In Zoroastrianism, good transpires for those who do righteous deeds.
Those who do evil have themselves to blame for their ruin. Zoroastrian
morality is then to be summed up in the simple phrase, "good thoughts,
good words, good deeds".
There is one universal and transcendental God, Ahura Mazda, the one
uncreated creator and to whom all worship is ultimately directed.
Ahura Mazda's creation — evident as truth and order — is the antithesis
of chaos, falsehood and disorder. The resulting conflict involves the entire
universe, including humanity, which has an active role to play in the
conflict.
Active participation in life through good thoughts, good words and good
deeds is necessary to ensure happiness and to keep the chaos at bay. This
active participation is a central element in Zoroaster's concept of free will.
"
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
116    "The land masses continually crack, crumble and drift. "
"Plate tectonics (from Greek tekton "builder" or "mason") is a theory of
geology that has been developed to explain the observed evidence for large


--- Page 257 ---
scale motions of the Earth's lithosphere. The theory encompassed and
superseded the older theory of continental drift from the first half of the
20th century and the concept of seafloor spreading developed during the
1960s.
The outermost part of the Earth's interior is made up of two layers: above
is the lithosphere, comprising the crust and the rigid uppermost part of the
mantle. Below the lithosphere lies the asthenosphere. Although solid, the
asthenosphere has relatively low viscosity and shear strength and can flow
like a liquid on geological time scales. The deeper mantle below
the asthenosphere is more rigid again. This is, however, not because of
cooler temperatures but due to high pressure.
The lithosphere is broken up into what are called tectonic plates — in the
case of Earth, there are seven major and many minor plates. The
lithospheric plates ride on the asthenosphere. These plates move in
relation to one another at one of three types of plate boundaries:
convergent or collision boundaries, divergent or spreading boundaries,
and transform boundaries. Earthquakes, volcanic activity, mountain-
building, and oceanic trench formation occur along plate boundaries. The
lateral movement of the plates is typically at speeds of 5 - 10
centimeters/yr. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
117    " The magnetic poles of the planet shift
radically about once every 20,000 years".
"The pole shift theory is a hypothesis that the axis of rotation of a planet
has not always been at its present-day locations or that the axis will not
persist there; in other words, that its physical poles had been or will be
shifted. Pole shift theory is almost always discussed in the context of
Earth, but other solar system bodies may have experienced axial
reorientation during their existences.
Pole shift theories are not to be confused with plate tectonics, the well-
accepted geological theory that the Earth's surface consists of solid plates
which shift over a fluid asthenosphere; nor with continental drift, the
corollary to plate tectonics which maintains that locations of
the continents have moved slowly over the face of the earth, resulting in
the gradual emerging and breakup of continents and oceans over
hundreds of millions of years.
Pole shift theories are also not to be confused with Geomagnetic reversal,


--- Page 258 ---
the periodic reversal of the earth's magnetic field (effectively switching the
north and south magnetic poles). Geomagnetic reversal has more
acceptance in the scientific community than pole shift theories. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
118 " This operation is managed by the secret police...
"
"Secret police (sometimes political police) are a police organization which
operates in secrecy to maintain national security against internal threats
to the state. Secret police forces are typically associated with totalitarian
regimes, as they are often used to maintain the political power of the state
rather than uphold the rule of law. Secret police are law enforcement
organizations officially endowed with authority superior to civil police
forces, operating outside the normal boundaries of the law, and they are
often accountable only to the executive branch of the government. They
operate entirely or partially in secrecy; i. e., most or all of their operations
are obscure and hidden from the general public and from all government
officials, except for the topmost executive officials. Secret
police organizations have often been used as an instrument of political
repression. States where the secret police wield significant power are
sometimes referred to as police states. Secret police differ from the
domestic security agencies in modern liberal democracies, because
domestic security agencies are generally subject to government
regulation, reporting requirements, and other accountability measures.
Despite such oversight, there still exists the possibility of domestic-security
agencies acting unlawfully and taking on some characteristics of secret
police.
Secret police not only have the traditional police authority to arrest and
detain, but in some cases they are given unsupervised control of the length
of detention, assigned to implement punishments independent of the
public judiciary, and allowed to administer those punishments without
external review. The tactics of investigation and intimidation used
by secret police enable them to accrue so much power that they usually
operate with little or no practical restraint. Secret-police organizations
employ internal spies and civilian informants to find protest leaders or
dissidents, and they may also employ agents provocateurs to incite political
opponents to perform illegal acts against the government, whereupon such
opponents may be arrested. Secret police may open mail, tap
telephone lines, use various techniques to trick, blackmail, or coerce


--- Page 259 ---
relatives or friends of a suspect into providing information. The secret
police are renowned for raiding homes between midnight and dawn, to
apprehend people suspected of dissent.
People apprehended by the secret police are often arbitrarily arrested and
detained without due process. While in detention, arrestees may be
tortured or subjected to inhumane treatment. Suspects may not receive a
public trial, and instead may be convicted in a kangaroo court-style show
trial, or by a secret tribunal.
Secret police have been used by many types of governments. Secret police
forces in dictatorships and totalitarian states usually use violence and acts
of terror to suppress political opposition and dissent, and may use death
squads to carry out assassinations and "disappearances". Although secret
police normally do not exist in democratic states there are different varieties
of democracy and, in times of emergency or war, a democracy may lawfully
grant its policing and security services additional or sweeping powers,
which may be seen or construed as a secret police. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
119 "... using false provocation operations to disguise their activities... "
"False flag operations are covert operations conducted by governments,
corporations, or other organizations, which are designed to appear as if
they are being carried out by other entities. The name is derived from the
military concept of flying false colors; that is, flying the flag of a country
other than one's own. False flag operations are not limited to war and
counter-insurgency operations, and have been used in peacetime; for
example, during Italy's strategy of tension.
During the Italian strategy of tension in which several bombings in the
1970s, attributed to far-left organizations, were in fact carried out by far-
right organizations cooperating with the Italian secret services (see
Operation Gladio, 1969 Piazza Fontana bombing, 1972 Peteano attack by
Vincenzo Vinciguerra, 1973 assassination attempt of former Interior
Minister Mariano Rumor, 1980 Bologna massacre, etc. and various
investigations, for example by Guido Salvini). In France, the Masada Action
and Defense Movement, supposedly a Zionist group, was really a neo-fascist
terrorist group which hoped to increase tension between Arabs and Jews in
France.
False flag tactics were also employed during the Algerian civil war, starting
in the mid-1994. Death squads composed of DRS(Departement du
Renseignement et de la Securite) security forces disguised themselves as
Islamist terrorists and committed false flag terror attacks. Such groups


--- Page 260 ---
included the OJAL (Organisation of Young Free Algerians) or the
OSSRA (Secret Organisation for the safeguard of the Algerian Republic)
According to Roger Faligot and Pascal Kropp (1999), the OJAL reminded
of "the Organization of the French Algerian Resistance (ORAF), a group of
counter-terrorists created in December 1956 by the DST (Direction de la
Surveillance du Territoire / Territorial Surveillance Directorate)
whose mission was to carry out terrorist attacks with the aim of quashing
any hopes of political compromise. "
On the night of Feb. 27, 1933 the Reichstag building was set on fire. At
the urging of Hitler, Hindenburg responded the next day by issuing an
emergency decree "for the Protection of the people and the State, ” which
stated: "Restrictions on personal liberty, on the right of free expression of
opinion, including freedom of the press; on the rights of assembly and
association; and violations of the privacy of postal, telegraphic and
telephonic communications and warrants for house searches, orders for
confiscations as well as restrictions on property, are also permissible
beyond the legal limits otherwise prescribed. ” After 74 years, the question
of who actually started the Reichstag fire is still unknown and occasionally
debated.
There are various 9/11 conspiracy theories (and a very large body of hard
evidence -Editor) which say the September 11, 2001 attacks on the US
were a false flag operation. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
"... mind-control methods developed by government
psychiatrists... "
"William Sargant was a consultant to the British Secret Intelligence
Service (MI5/MI6). In 1953 he associated with Frank Olson, Deputy
Acting Head of Special Operations for the CIA, investigating the use of
mind-bending drugs at the Biological Warfare Centre at Porton Down.
In 1944 he collaborated with Slater in writing An Introduction to Physical
Methods of Treatment in Psychiatry, a textbook on biological psychiatry
that included lobotomy and shock therapy and remained in print for three
decades.
William Sargant was a pioneer in methods of placing false memories into
patients. He attested at the 1977 U. S. Senate hearing, "that the therapist
should deliberately distort the facts of the patient's life-experience to
achieve heightened emotional response and abreaction. In the drunken


--- Page 261 ---
state of narcoanalysis patients are prone to accept the therapist's false
constructions. "
In 1957 William Sargant published one of the first books on the
psychology of brainwashing, Battle for the Mind. William Sargant
connected Pavlov’s findings to the ways people learned and internalized
belief systems. Conditioned behavior patterns could be changed
by stimulated stresses beyond a dog’s capacity for response, in essence
causing a breakdown. This could also be caused by intense signals, longer
than normal waiting periods, rotating positive and negative signals and
changing a dog’s physical condition, as through illness. Depending on the
dog’s initial personality, this could possibly cause a new belief system to be
held tenaciously. Sargant also connected Pavlov’s findings to the
mechanisms of brainwashing in religion and politics.
Sargant and Dr Ewen Cameron of Project MKULTRA notoriety, were
friends and colleagues who shared and exchanged views and information
on brainwashing and de-patterning techniques and their mutual
researches in this area. Both men had extensive CIA and British Secret
Intelligence Service connections.
The aim of Cameron, Sargant and the CIA’s researches was to find a way
to obliterate the memories of an allied spy ('de-patterning') and implant
false memories at a deep level so that if that spy was captured in his
adoptive country, he would be incapable under duress or even torture of
revealing his true American/British allegiance. He would only be able to
reveal the falsely implanted memories that supported his assumed
persona. This concept became termed 'The Manchurian Candidate' after
the novel. The extensive use of 'heroic' doses of Electron Convulsive
Shock Treatment combined with Deep Sleep Treatment (narcosis), anti-
depressants, tape-loops, insulin coma therapy, and other drugs in this
context, was designed to induce catastrophic memory loss which
would then supposedly be replaced with false memories and ideas (via tape
loops, hypnosis, LSD or conversations while the person was drugged).
In addition to LSD, Cameron also experimented with various paralytic
drugs, as well as electroconvulsive therapy at 30 to 40 times the normal
power. His "driving" experiments consisted of putting subjects into drug-
induced coma for months on end
(up to three in one case) while playing tape loops of noise or simple
repetitive statements.
His experiments were typically carried out on patients who had entered the
institute for minor problems such as anxiety disorders and post-partum
depression, many of whom suffered permanently from his actions. "


--- Page 262 ---
... "Earth is a "ghetto" planet... "
"Ghetto" is also used figuratively to indicate geographic areas with a
concentration of any type of person.
Ghetto is formed in three ways:
•    As ports of entry for racial minorities, and immigrant racial minorities.
•    When the majority uses compulsion (typically violence, hostility, or legal
barriers) to force minorities into particular areas.
•    When the majority is willing and able to pay more than the minority to
live with its own kind.
During World War II ghettos in occupied Europe 1939-1944 were
established by the Nazis to confine Jews and sometimes Gypsies into tightly
packed areas of the cities of Eastern Europe turning them into de-facto
concentration camps and death camps in the Holocaust. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 263 ---
122    "... Holocaust... "
"The Holocaust (from the Greek (holokauston): holos, "completely" and
kaustos, "burnt"), is the term generally used to describe the killing of
approximately six million European Jews during World War II, as part of a
program of deliberate extermination planned and executed by the National
Socialist (Nazi) regime in Germany led by Adolf Hitler.
Other groups were persecuted and killed by the regime, including the
Roma; Soviets, particularly prisoners of war; ethnic Poles; other Slavic
people; the disabled; gay men; and political and religious dissidents.
The persecution and genocide were accomplished in stages. Legislation to
remove the Jews from civil society was enacted years before the outbreak of
World War II.
Concentration camps were established in which inmates were used as slave
labour until they died of exhaustion or disease. Where the Third Reich
conquered new territory in eastern Europe, specialized units called
Einsatzgruppen murdered Jews and political opponents in mass shootings.
Jews and Roma were crammed into ghettos before being transported
hundreds of miles by freight train to extermination camps where, if they
survived the journey, the majority of them were killed in gas chambers.
Every arm of Germany's bureaucracy was involved in the logistics of the
mass murder, turning the country into what one Holocaust scholar has
called "a genocidal state. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 264 ---
123    "... "final solution"... "
"Holocaust documenters argue that the medicalization of social problems
and systematic euthanasia of people in German mental institutions in the
1930s provided the institutional, procedural, and doctrinal origins of the
mass murder of the 1940s. The Nuremberg Trials convicted a number of
psychiatrists who held key positions in Nazi regimes. "
-- Reference: Lapon, Lenny (1986). Mass Murderers in White Coats:
Psychiatric Genocide in Nazi Germany and the United States.
The tie between Hitler and the eugenic psychiatrists was so close that
much of Mein Kampf is literally indistinguishable in language and in tone
from the major international journals and psychiatric textbooks of the
time. To quote from a few of
many such passages in Mein Kampf:
"To demand that defective people be prevented from propagating equally
defective offspring is a demand for the clearest reason and, if systematically
executed, represents the most humane act of mankind... "
"Those who are physically and mentally unhealthy and unworthy must not
perpetuate their; suffering in the bodies of their children... "
"A prevention of the faculty and opportunity to procreate on the part of the
physically degenerate and the mentally sick... would not only free humanity
from an immeasurable misfortune but would lead to a recovery which today
seems scarcely conceivable. "
Hitler received support from psychiatrists and social scientists around the
world after he took power. Many articles in the world's leading medical
journals monitored and heaped praise on Hitler's eugenic legislation and
policies.
Records uncovered by Abrams at the hospital confirm that the
extermination had begun as a part of a national psychiatric program
before Hitler took on the systematic murder of the Jews. Hundreds of
patients had been shipped off to psychiatric extermination centers prior to
the end of 1941, when the national program was largely abandoned and
local state mental hospitals took over "the action" on their own.
The psychiatric extermination program was not a hidden, secret shame of
psychiatry - at least, not at the start. It was organized by leading professors
of psychiatry and directors of mental hospitals through a series of national


--- Page 265 ---
meetings and workshops. So-called euthanasia forms were circulated to
individual hospitals, and final approval of each death was then given in
Berlin by a committee of the nation's outstanding psychiatrists.
By January 1940 patients were being shipped to six special extermination
centers staffed by psychiatrists.
In late 1941, public outrage and lack of enthusiasm from Hitler pushed the
program underground, but between 100,000 and 200,000 German mental
patients had been killed. From then on, individual institutions, such as that
at Kaufbeuren, continued to act on their own, even admitting new patients
for the purpose of murdering them. At the end of the war, many large
institutions were entirely empty, and estimates from various war-
crime tribunals, including Nuremberg, estimate the number of dead to be
between 250,000 and 300,000, mostly inmates of psychiatric hospitals and
homes for the retarded...
Psychiatrist Frederic Wertham, by no means a radical critic of his
profession, deserves the credit for being the first to describe the role of
psychiatry in Nazi Germany:...
"The tragedy is that the PSYCHIATRISTS did not have to have an order.
They acted on their own. They were not carrying out a death sentence
pronounced by somebody else. They were the legislators who laid down the
rules for deciding who was to die: they were the administrators who
worked out the procedures, provided the patients and the places, and
decided the methods of killing: they pronounced a sentence of life or death
in each individual case: they were the executioners who carried
the sentences out or -- without being coerced to do so -- surrendered their
patients to be killed in other institutions: they supervised and often
watched the slow deaths... "
By November 1, 1941, the first extermination camps were being built: first
Belzec, then Sobibor, Treblinka, Chelmno and Majdanek, and finally
Auschwitz-Birkenau.
At first, vague plans were made in Nazi Germany to deport all European
Jews to Madagascar. Adolf Eichmann, in particular, supported this option
before the Wannsee Conference of 1942, where he was made privy to the
exact details of the "Final Solution".
SS chief Heinrich Himmler stated:
"However cruel and tragic each individual case may be, this method is
still the mildest and best, if one rejects the Bolshevik method of physical
extermination of a people out of inner conviction as un-German and
impossible. "


--- Page 266 ---
The original plan was to use the Royal Navy after Britain's defeat to exile
all of Europe's Jews to Madagascar. However, since the British were not
defeated as anticipated by the Nazis, the Madagascar Plan had to be
abandoned.
The extermination process in Belzec, Sobibor and Treblinka was similar to
the method used in the six extermination camps in Germany and Austria,
but hugely scaled up for killing whole transports of people at a time.
Victims would hand over their valuables, which became property of the
German Reichsbank. They then undressed, and their clothes were
searched for jewelry and other valuables. Victims were then marched into
the gas chamber and packed tightly to minimize the available fresh air. An
engine created carbon monoxide gas which was then discharged through
gas pipes, killing the occupants. Their corpses were cremated after any
gold dental fillings were removed. The mass murder was carefully tracked
and documented.
For example, the intercepted Hofle Telegram sent by SS-Sturmbannfuhrer
Hermann Hofle on January 11, 1943 to SS-Obersturmbannfuhrer Adolf
Eichmann in Berlin listed 1, 274, 166 total arrivals to the four camps of
Aktion Reinhard through the end of 1942,
as well as the total arrivals by camp for the last two weeks of 1942.
The structure of all camps was nearly identical. From the reception area
with ramp and undressing barracks, the Jews entered a narrow,
camouflaged path (called sluice or tube) to the extermination area with
gas chambers, pits and cremation grids. The SS and Trawnikis stayed in a
separate area. Barbed wire fences, partially camouflaged with pine
branches, surrounded the camp and separated the different parts. Unlike
Auschwitz, no electric fences were used. Wooden watchtowers guarded the
camp.
Approximately 2 million Jews lost their lives in Belzec, Sobibor, Treblinka
and Majdanek in the course of Operation Reinhard. Approximately 178,
045, 960 German Reichsmark worth of Jewish property (today's value:
around 700,000,000 $US or 550,000,000 Euros) was stolen. This money
went not only to German authorities, but also to single individuals (SS and
police men, camp guards, non-Jewish inhabitants of towns and villages
with ghettos or adjacent camps). "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
124    "... the "Old Empire", whose headquarters


--- Page 267 ---
located near one of the "tail stars" in the Ursa Major
(Big Dipper)... "
The "Tail Stars" of Ursa Major are Alcor, Alioth, and Alkaid. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
125    "... radioactivity... "
"Nuclear weapons emit large amounts of electromagnetic radiation as
visible, infrared, and ultraviolet light. The chief hazards are burns and eye
injuries. On clear days, these injuries can occur well beyond blast ranges.
The light is so powerful that it can start fires that spread rapidly in the
debris left by a blast. The range of thermal effects increases markedly
with weapon yield. Thermal radiation accounts for between 35-45% of the
energy released in the explosion, depending on the yield of the device.
The first atomic bomb actually used in war time was dropped on
Hiroshima on August 6th, 1945 killing between 130,000 and 150,000
people by the end of that year. Those who survived the bombing are
rapidly aging now after struggling for many years.
In Hiroshima, a tremendous fire storm developed within 20 minutes after
detonation and destroyed many more buildings and homes. A fire storm
has gale force winds blowing in towards the center of the fire from all
points of the compass.
Mr. Hiroshi Sawachika was 28 years old when the bomb was dropped. He
was an army doctor stationed at the army headquarters in Ujina. When he
was exposed, he was inside the building at the headquarters, 4. 1 km from
the hypocenter. Being rather far from the hypocenter, he was not seriously
injured. Afterwards, he was very busy getting medical treatment to the
survivors.
INTERVIEWER: How many patients did you treat on August 6?
ANSWER: Well, at least 2 or 3 thousand on that very day if you include
those patients whom I gave directions to. I felt that as if once that day
started, it never ended. I had to keep on and on treating the patients
forever. It was the longest day of my life. Later on, when I had time to
reflect on that day, I came to realize that we, doctors learned a lot through
the experience, through the suffering of all those people. It's true that the
lack of medical knowledge, medical facilities, integrated organization and
so on prevented us from giving sufficient medical treatment. Still there


--- Page 268 ---
was a lot for us, medical doctors to learn on that day.
I learned that the nuclear weapons which gnaw the minds and bodies of
human beings should never be used. Even the slightest idea using nuclear
arms should be completely exterminated the minds of human beings.
Otherwise, we will repeat the same tragedy. And we will never stop being
ashamed of ourselves. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 269 ---
126    "... Atlanta... "
"Atlantis was a continent. Its capital was called by the same name or by that
of Poseidonis, and was located on an island next to its coast. After this
continent sunk under the seas, only the peaks of its loftiest mountains
remained above the water, forming what the ancients later knew as the
Islands of the Blest, and which we know as those of Indonesia.
Atlantis created a worldwide empire, and had colonies the world over.
These colonies, as usual, attempted to duplicate the motherland, as colonists
are wont to do. Atlantis and Lemuria have been grossly distorted and
misplaced by all sorts of investigators in what concerns both their epochs
and their sizes and locations. Indeed, Atlantis and Lemuria coexisted side by
side, at more or less the same date.
More exactly, Lemuria was the archetypal Atlantis, the same as Eden or
Paradise, the site of origin of both Mankind and Civilization. From there,
the Lemurian Atlanteans colonized the nearby region of India, which
became its "twin" and partner. In mythical terms, we can say that Lemuria-
Indonesia was the Mother, and that Atlantis-India was the Father of all
the other civilizations.
Our Atlantean heritage also encompasses the arts and techniques such as
Agriculture and Animal Domestication, the greatest inventions ever. Without
the domesticated plants and animals — most or all of which originated in
Atlantis, and often embody an advanced use of genetic engineering —
Civilization could never have developed at all. Besides these, a series of
inventions of mysterious origins, who came to us from the dawn of time, are
also owed to Atlantis and Lemuria: metallurgy, stone masonry and
sculpture, paper, the alphabet, medicinal drugs, gunpowder, weaving, and
so on. "
Reference: http://www.atlan.org/


--- Page 270 ---
127    "... Lemur... "
"Lemuria is the name of a hypothetical "lost land" variously located in the
Indian and Pacific Oceans. Its 19th century origins lie in attempts to
account for discontinuities in biogeography. Though Lemuria has passed
out of the realm of conventional science, it has been adopted by occult
writers, as well as some Tamil writers of India. Accounts of Lemuria differ
according to the requirements of their contexts, but all share a common
belief that a continent existed in ancient times and sank beneath the ocean
as a result of geological change, often cataclysmic.
Lemuria entered the lexicon of the Occult through the works of Madame
Blavatsky, who claimed in the 1880s to have been shown an ancient, pre-
Atlantean Book of Dzyan by the Mahatmas. Kumari Kandam is a sunken
kingdom sometimes compared with Lemuria. According to these modernist
interpretations of motifs in classical Tamil literature — the epics
Cilappatikaram and Manimekalai that describe the submerged city of Puhar
— the Dravidians originally came from land south of the present day coast
of South India that became submerged by successive floods. There are
various claims from Tamil authors that there was a large land mass
connecting Australia and the present day Tamil Nadu coast.
It is interesting to note that Madame Blavatsky described the Lemurians
(her third root race) as being colored black and described the Negroid race,
the Dravidians and the Australoids, Papuans and Melanesians as being
descended from them.
prior to the acceptance of continental drift, biologists frequently postulated
submerged land masses in order to account for populations of land-based
species now separated by barriers of water. Similarly, geologists tried to
account for striking resemblances of rock formations on different continents.
The first systematic attempt was made by Melchior Neumayr in his book
Erdgeschichte in 1887. Many hypothetical submerged land bridges and
continents were proposed during the 19th century, in order to account for
the present distribution of species.
As Lemuria gained some acceptance within the scientific community, it
began to appear in the works of other scholars. Ernst Haeckel, a German
Darwinian taxonomist, proposed Lemuria as an explanation for the absence
of "missing link" fossil records. According to another source, Haeckel put
forward this thesis prior to Sclater (but without using the name 'Lemuria').
Locating the origins of the human species on this lost continent, he claimed
the fossil record could not be found because it had sunk beneath the sea.


--- Page 271 ---
Other scientists hypothesized that Lemuria had extended across parts of the
Pacific oceans, explaining distributions of species across Asia and the
Americas.
The Lemuria theory disappeared completely from conventional scientific
consideration after the theories of plate tectonics and continental drift were
accepted by the larger scientific community. According to the theory of plate
tectonics (which is nowadays the only accepted paradigm in geology),
Madagascar and India were indeed once part of the same landmass (thus
accounting for geological resemblances), but plate movement caused India
to break away millions of years ago, and move to its present location. The
original landmass broke apart - it did not sink beneath the sea level. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
128 ... "Lake Toba in Sumatra"...
The Toba eruption (the Toba event) occurred at what is now Lake Toba
about 67, 500 to 75, 500 years ago. It had an estimated Volcanic Explosivity
Index of 8 (described as "megacolossal"), making it possibly the largest
explosive volcanic eruption within the last twenty-five million years. The
total amount of erupted material was about 2800 cubic km (670 cubic miles)
— around 2,000 km3 of ignimbrite that flowed over the ground and around
800 km3 that fell as ash, with the wind blowing most of it to the west.
By contrast, the 1980 eruption of Mount St. Helens ejected around 1. 2 cubic
km of material, whilst the largest volcanic eruption in historic times, at
Mount Tambora in 1815, emitted the equivalent of around 100 cubic
kilometers of dense rock and created the "Year Without a Summer" as far
away as North America. "
The Toba eruption was the latest of a series of at least three calderra-
forming eruptions which have occurred at the volcano. Earlier calderas
were formed around 700,000 and 840,000 years ago.
To give an idea of its magnitude, consider that although the eruption took
place in Indonesia, it deposited an ash layer approximately 15 cm (6 in)
thick over the entire Indian subcontinent: at one site in central India, the
Toba ash layer today is up to 6 m (20 feet) thick and parts of Malaysia
were covered with 9 m of ashfall. In addition it has been calculated that
1010 metric tons of sulphuric acid was ejected into the atmosphere by the
event, causing acid rain fallout. "
129    "... Mt. Krakatoa... "


--- Page 272 ---
"Mt. Krakatoa is a volcanic island in the Sunda Strait between Java and
Sumatra in Indonesia. The name is used for the island group, the main
island (also called Rakata), and the volcano as a whole. It has erupted
repeatedly, massively, and with disastrous consequences throughout
recorded history. The best known eruption culminated in a series of massive
explosions on August 26-27 1883, which was among the most violent
volcanic events in modern times. With a Volcanic Explosivity Index of 6, it
was equivalent to 200 megatonnes of TNT — about 13,000 times the yield of
the Little Boy bomb (13 to 16 KT), which devastated Hiroshima, Japan.
The 1883 eruption ejected more than 25 cubic kilometres of rock, ash, and
pumice, and generated the loudest sound historically reported: the
cataclysmic explosion was distinctly heard as far away as Perth in Australia
approx. 1,930 miles (3, 110 km), and the island of Rodrigues near Mauritius
approx. 3,000 miles (5,000 km). Near Krakatoa, according to official
records, 165 villages and towns were destroyed and 132 seriously damaged,
at least 36,417 (official toll) people died, and many thousands were injured
by the eruption, mostly from the tsunamis which followed the explosion.
The eruption destroyed two thirds of the island of Krakatoa. Eruptions at the
volcano since 1927 have built a new island in the same location, called
Anak Krakatau (child of Krakatoa). "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
130    "... colossal volcanic explosion... "
"A supervolcano is a volcano that produces the largest and most voluminous
kinds of eruption on Earth. The explosivity of such eruptions varies, but the
volume of ejected tephra is enough to radically alter the landscape and
severely affect global climate for years, with cataclysmic consequences for
life VEI-8 volcanic events have included eruptions at the following
locations. Estimates of the volume of erupted material are given in
parentheses.
•    Lake Taupo, North Island, New Zealand - Oruanui eruption 26, 500
years ago (1, 170 km3)
•    Lake Toba, Sumatra, Indonesia - 75,000 years ago (2, 800 km3)
•    Yellowstone Caldera, Wyoming, United States - 2. 2 million years ago (2,
500 km3) and 640,000 years ago (1,000 km3)
•    La Garita Caldera, Colorado, United States - Source of the truly
enormous eruption of the Fish Canyon Tuff 27. 8 million years ago (~5,000
km3)
The Lake Toba eruption plunged the Earth into a volcanic winter,


--- Page 273 ---
eradicating an estimated 60% of the human population (although humans
managed to survive, even in the vicinity of the volcano), and was
responsible for the formation of sulfuric acid in the atmosphere.
Many other supermassive eruptions have also occurred in the geological
past. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
131    "... due to atmospheric pollution as well as an
extensive period during which radiation from the sun
is deflected back into space, and cause global
cooling... "
"Nuclear winter is a hypothetical global climate condition that is predicted
to be a possible outcome of a large-scale nuclear war. It is thought that
severely cold weather can be caused by detonating large numbers of nuclear
weapons, especially over flammable targets such as cities, where large
amounts of smoke and soot would be injected into the Earth's stratosphere.
The term has also been applied to one of the after-effects of
an supervolcano eruption.
A global average surface cooling of-7°C to -8°C persists for years, and after
a decade the cooling is still -4°C (Fig. 2). Considering that the global
average cooling at the depth of the last ice age 18,000 yr ago was about-
5°C, this would be a climate change unprecedented in speed and amplitude
in the history of the human race. The temperature changes are largest over
land... Cooling of more than -20°C occurs over large areas of North
America and of more than -30°C over much of Eurasia, including all
agricultural regions. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
132    "... The global cataclysm that destroyed the dinosaurs... "
"In the past 600 million years there have been five major mass extinctions
that on average extinguished half of all species. The largest mass
extinction to have affected life on Earth was in the Permian-Triassic, which
ended the Permian period 250 million years ago and killed off 90% of all
species. The last such mass extinction led to the demise of the dinosaurs and
has been found to have coincided with a large asteroid impact; this is
the Cretaceous-Tertiary extinction event. There is no solid evidence of
impacts leading to the four other major mass extinctions, though a recent
report from Ohio State scientists stated that they have located a 483-km


--- Page 274 ---
diameter impact crater beneath the East Antarctic Ice Sheet which may date
back about 250 million years, based on gravity measurements, which
might associate it with the Permian-Triassic extinction event.
In 1980, physicist Luis Alvarez, his son, geologist Walter Alvarez, and
nuclear chemists Frank Asaro and Helen V. Michael from the University of
California, Berkeley discovered unusually high concentrations of iridium,
an element that is rare in the Earth's crust but relatively abundant in many
meteorites. From the amount and distribution of iridium present in the 65
million year old "iridium layer", the Alvarez team later estimated that an
asteroid of 10-14 kilometers must have collided with the earth. This iridium
layer at the K-T boundary has been found worldwide at 100 different sites.
Multidirectionally shocked quartz (coesite), which is only known to form as
the result of large impacts or atomic bomb explosions, has also been found
in the same layer at more than 30 sites. Soot and ash at levels tens of
thousands times normal levels were found with the above. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
"The geologic record of terminal Cretaceous environmental events indicates
that iridium and other associated elements were not deposited
instantaneously but during a time interval spanning some 10,000 to
100,000 years. The available geologic evidence favors a mantle rather than
meteoritic origin for these elements. These results are in accord with the
scenario of a series of intense eruptive volcanic events occurring during a
relatively short geologic time interval and not with the scenario of a single
large asteroid impact event "
-- Reference: Article: Terminal Cretaceous Environmental Events Charles
B. Officer 1 and Charles L. Drake 2
1    Research professor in the Earth Sciences Department, Dartmouth
College, Hanover, New Hampshire 03755.
2    Professor in the Earth Sciences Department, Dartmouth College,
Hanover, New Hampshire 03755.


--- Page 275 ---
133    "Atomic explosions cause
atmospheric fallout much like that of
volcanic eruptions. "
"Oct. 26, 2007 -- New evidence dug from the shores of the Bay of Bengal
supports the radical idea that it was a series of monumental volcanic
eruptions that wiped out the dinosaurs, not a meteor impact in the Gulf of
Mexico. The discovery confirms two important things, said Keller: First,
that the most massive Deccan eruption and the K-T mass
extinction happened at the same time. Second, that the later, final eruption
is timed right to have slowed the recovery of many living things. This latter
matter of the slow recovery has long been a mystery to paleontologists, she
said. "
-- Reference: http://dsc. discovery.com/news/2007/10/26/dinosaur-volcano.
html
"A new statistical study of mass extinctions throughout the history of life on
Earth is backing up the idea that no single meteor, volcanic eruption or
other lone gunman is ever to blame, even in the case of the Cretaceous-
Tertiary event that brought the end of dinosaurs 65 million years ago.
Instead, the worst die-offs happen when some sort of interminable, multi-
generational pressure on life is combined with a few powerful blows. It's
what is now being called the press/pulse theory of mass extinctions.
The theory "is essentially a more eloquent way of saying what I and many
other paleontologists have been saying for many years, " said Gerta Keller
of Princeton University. "Namely that the impact-kill hypothesis is all
wrong. Impacts alone could not have been the killing mechanism for the K-T
or any of the other major mass extinctions. "
In the late Cretaceous case massive volcanism — the Deccan Traps
eruption in India — and attendant climate change, coincided with an impact
that pushed highly stressed biota over the brink. "
-- Reference: http://dsc. discovery.com/news/2006/10/20/extinction_pla.
html


--- Page 276 ---
134    "... Rwenzori Mountains... "
"The highest Rwenzoris are permanently snow-capped, and they, along
with Mount Kilimanjaro and Mount Kenya are the only such in Africa.
The Ruwenzoris are often identified with the "Mountains of the Moon"
mentioned by Ptolemy. The Ruwenzori are known for their vegetation,
ranging from tropical rainforest through alpine meadows to snow; and for
their animal population, including forest elephants, several primate
species and many endemic birds. "


--- Page 277 ---
135    ... " Pyrenees Mountains"...
"The Pyrenees are named after Pyrene (fire in Greek) who was the daughter
of Bebryx and was raped by Herakles. Terrified at giving birth to a serpent,
she fled to the mountains and was either buried or eaten by wild animals.
Herodotus located this legend in his map of the Oikumene as early as 450
BC. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 278 ---
136    "... steppes of Mongolia... "
"In the chaos of the late twelfth century, a chieftain named Temujin finally
succeeded in uniting the Mongol tribes between Manchuria and the Altai
Mountains. In 1206, he took the title Genghis Khan, and he and his
successors began expanding the Mongol Empire into the largest
contiguous land empire in world history, going as far northwest as
the Kievan Rus, and as far south as northern Vietnam, Tibet, Iran. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 279 ---
137    ... "plunder their possessions. "
"Looting, sacking, plundering, despoiling, or pillaging is the
indiscriminate taking of goods by force as part of a military or political
victory, or during a catastrophe or riot, such as during war, natural
disaster, or rioting. The term is also used in a broader (some would
argue metaphorical) sense, to describe egregious instances of theft and
embezzlement, such as the "plundering" of private or public assets by
corrupt or overly greedy corporate executives or government authorities.
The proceeds of all these activities can be described as loot, plunder, or
pillage.
Looting originally referred primarily to the plundering of villages and cities
not only by victorious troops during warfare, but also by civilian members
of the community. For example, see War and Peace, which describes
widespread looting by Moscow's citizens before Napoleon's troops enter the
town, and looting by French troops elsewhere; also note the looting of art
treasures by the Nazis during WWII. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 280 ---
138    "... Tiahuanaco... "
For more detailed information about the archaeology of this site, visit the
following websites:
http://www.sacredsites.com/americas/bolivia/tiahuanaco. html
http://www.viewzone.com/tia. html
http://www.world-mysteries.com/mpl_6. htm
139


--- Page 281 ---
"... the shift of the poles of the planet... ".
"Charles Hapgood first came to public attention in the mid-1950s with his
theory of earth crust displacement, a radical geological idea which
attracted the curiosity and support of
Albert Einstein. The Einstein-Hapgood correspondence is a forgotten page
in the history of science. Rose and I obtained these letters (ten from Einstein
to Hapgood) from Albert Einstein's Archives in the Fall of 1995. They show,
for the first time, just how extensively Albert Einstein was involved in
assisting Charles Hapgood in the development of the theory. This
correspondence is detailed in The Atlantis Blueprint. Here is a brief
summary:
In his second reply (24 November 1952) to Hapgood, Einstein wrote that the
idea of earth crust displacement should not be ruled out "apriori" just
because it didn't fit with what we wanted to believe about the earth's past.
What was needed, Einstein claimed, was solid "geological and
paleontological facts. "
For six months, Hapgood gathered geological evidence to support the idea
of an earth crust displacement. On the 3rd of May 1953 he forwarded thirty-
eight pages of this evidence to Einstein. Central to his argument was
Hapgood's evidence that Lesser Antarctica was ice-free at the same time
that North America lay smothered in ice. Einstein responded (8 May 1953):
"I find your arguments very impressive and have the impression that your
hypothesis is correct. One can hardly doubt that significant shifts of the
crust have taken place repeatedly and within a short time. "
He urged Hapgood to follow up on evidence of "earth fractures". A month
later
(11 June 1953) Hapgood sent Einstein forty-two pages of evidence on earth
fractures and
the evolution of the ice sheets.
Einstein wrote (17 December 1953) Hapgood urging him to address the
"centrifugal momentum" problem. Hapgood responded with four pages on
this problem and thirty-seven pages of "paleontological evidence" including
the frozen mammoths of Arctic Siberia.
Einstein was now convinced. On the 18th of May 1954, Einstein wrote a
very favorable foreword for Hapgood's book EARTH'S SHIFTING CRUST:
A KEY TO SOME BASIC PROBLEMS OF EARTH SCIENCE (published in


--- Page 282 ---
1958 by Pantheon Books, New York). The Foreword begins:
"I frequently receive communications from people who wish to consult me
concerning their unpublished ideas. It goes without saying that these ideas
are very seldom possessed of scientific validity. The very first
communication, however, that I received from Mr. Hapgood electrified me.
His idea is original, of great simplicity, and - if it continues to prove itself
of great importance to everything that is related to the history of the earth's
surface.... I think that this rather astonishing, even fascinating, idea
deserves the serious attention of anyone who concerns himself with the
theory of the earth's development. "
-- Reference: When the Sky Fell, Rand and Rose Flemth-Ath
140 "The alignment of the Pyramids of Giza on the
ground matches perfectly the alignment of the
constellation of Orion as seen in the sky from Giza...
".
"(Robert) Bauval is specifically known for the Orion Correlation Theory
(OCT). This proposes a relationship between the fourth dynasty Egyptian
pyramids of the Giza Plateau and the alignment of certain stars in the
constellation of Orion.
One night, while working in Saudi Arabia, he took his family and a friend's
family up into the sand dunes of the Arabian desert for a camping
expedition. His friend pointed out Orion, and mentioned that Mintaka, the
smaller more easterly of the stars making up Orion's belt was
offset slightly from the others. Bauval then made a connection between the
layout of the three main stars in Orion's belt and the layout of the three
main pyramids in the Giza necropolis. “ — Reference: Wikipedia.org 141
"... Heliopolis... "
“Heliopolis has been occupied since the Predynastic Period, with extensive
building campaigns during the Old and Middle Kingdoms. Today,
unfortunately, it is mostly destroyed, its temples and other buildings
having been used for the construction of medieval Cairo; most
information about it comes from textual sources.
According to Diodorus Siculus Heliopolis was built by Actis, one of the
sons of Helios and Rhode, who named the city after his father. While all
Greek cities were destroyed during the flood, the Egyptian cities including
Heliopolis survived. The chief deity of Heliopolis was the god Atum, who


--- Page 283 ---
was worshipped in the primary temple.
The city was also the original source of the worship of the Ennead
pantheon, although in later times, as Horus gained in prominence,
worship focused on the synchrentistic solar deity Ra-harakhty (literally
Ra, (who is) Horus of the Two Horizons).
During the Amarna Period, Pharoah Akhenaten introduced monotheistic
worship of Aten, the deified solar disc. As the capital of Egypt for a period
of time, grain was stored in Heliopolis for the winter months, when many
people would descend on the town to be fed, leading to it gaining the title
place of bread. The Book of the Dead goes further and describes
how Heliopolis was the place of multiplying bread, recounting a myth in
which Horus feeds the masses there with only 7 loaves, which is the basis
of the Bible New Testament parable. “
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
142 "... Nephilim... "
“The Nephilim were an antediluvian race (pre-flood) race which are
referred to in the Bible as giants. ". -- Reference: http://www.nwcreation.
net/nephilim. html
“Genesis 6: 4 states “The Nephilim were on the earth in those days --and
also afterwards--when the sons of God went to the daughters of men and
had children by them. They were the heroes of old, men of renown. " The
Nephilim were a race of giants that were produced by the sexual union of
the sons of God (presumably fallen angels) and the daughters of
men. Translated from the Hebrew texts, “Nephilim" means “fallen ones. "
They were renowned for their strength, prowess, and a great capacity for
sinfulness.
The origination of the Nephilim begins with a story of the fallen angels.
Shemhazai, an angel of high rank, led a sect of angels in a descent to
earth to instruct humans in righteousness. The tutelage went on for a few
centuries, but soon the angels pined for the human females. After lusting,
the fallen angels instructed the women in magic and conjuring, mated
with them, and produced hybrid offspring: the Nephilim.
The Nephilim were gigantic in stature. Their strength was prodigious and
their appetites immense. Upon devouring all of humankind's resources,
they began to consume humans themselves. The Nephilim attacked and
oppressed humans and were the cause of massive destruction on the earth.
Two texts of central import to the story of the Nephilim, the Bible and the
Dead Sea Scrolls, mention several names for the Nephilim. The diverse
kinds of these giants are cited in several passages. They are variously


--- Page 284 ---
referred to as Emim, or "Terrors" (Gen. 14: 5; Deut. 2: 10), Rephaim, or
"Weakeners" or "Dead Ones" (2 Sam. 23: 13; 1 Chron. 11: 15),
Gibborim, or "Giant Heroes" (Job 16: 4), Zamzummim, or "Achievers"
(Deut. 2: 10), Anakim, or "Longnecked" (Deut. 2: 10; Josh. 11: 22, 14: 15),
and Awwim or "Devastators"and "Serpents. "
Other giants are mentioned in these texts as well, such as Goliath (2 Sam.
21: 19), a giant with twelve fingers and twelve toes who is mentioned as one
of the Rephaim (2 Sam. 21: 20), and a tall Egyptian (1 Chron. 11: 23). The
passage of Numbers 13: 26-33 recounts the Nephilim of Canaan that Joshua
and the other Hebrew spies saw. Furthermore, according to Judaic lore, a
certain one of the Nephilim, Arba, built a city, Kiriath Arba, which was
named for its builder and is now known as Hebron.
The wickedness of the Nephilim carried with it a heavy toll. Genesis 6: 5
alludes to the corruption that the Nephilim had caused amongst humans and
themselves: "The Lord saw how great man's wickedness on the earth had
become... " Their evil rebellion had incurred both the wrath and grief of
God. God instructed the angel Gabriel to ignite a civil war among the
Nephilim. He also chose Enoch, a righteous man, to inform the fallen angels
of the judgment pronounced on them and their children. God did not allow
the fallen angels any peace, for they could not lift their eyes to heaven and
were later to be chained. The end of the Nephilim came about in the war
incited by Gabriel, in which the giants eventually annihilated each other. "
-- Reference: http://www.pantheon. Org/articles/n/nephilim. html
143 "... used cutting tools of highly concentrated light
waves and electronic energy... "
"A laser is an electronic-optical device that emits coherent light radiation.
The term "laser" is an acronym for Light Amplification by Stimulated
Emission of Radiation. A typical laser emits light in a narrow, low-
divergence monochromatic (single-coloured, if the laser is operating in the
visible spectrum), beam with a well-defined wavelength. In this way, laser
light is in contrast to a light source such as the incandescent light bulb,
which emits light over a wide area and over a wide spectrum of
wavelengths.
The first working laser was demonstrated in May 1960 by Theodore
Maiman at Hughes Research Laboratories. Recently, lasers have become a
multi-billion dollar industry. The most widespread use of lasers is in optical
storage devices such as compact disc and DVD players, in which the laser


--- Page 285 ---
(a few millimeters in size) scans the surface of the disc. Other common
applications of lasers are bar code readers, laser printers and laser
pointers.
In industry, lasers are used for cutting steel and other metals and for
inscribing patterns (such as the letters on computer keyboards). Lasers are
also commonly used in various fields in science, especially spectroscopy,
typically because of their well-defined wavelength or short pulse duration in
the case of pulsed lasers. Lasers are used by the military for range finding,
target identification and illumination for weapons delivery. Lasers used in
medicine are used for internal surgery and cosmetic applications.
Laser cutting is a technology that uses a laser to cut materials, and is
usually used in industrial manufacturing. Laser cutting works by directing
the output of a high power laser, by computer, at the material to be cut. The
material then either melts, burns, vaporizes away, or is blown away by a jet
of gas, leaving an edge with a high quality surface finish. Industrial laser
cutters are used to cut flat-sheet material as well as structural and
piping materials. Some 6-axis lasers can perform cutting operations on
parts that have been preformed by casting or machining. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
144 "... Baalbek... "
"The great mystery of the ruins of Baalbek, and indeed one of the greatest
mysteries of the ancient world, concerns the massive foundation stones
beneath the Roman Temple of Jupiter. The courtyard of the Jupiter temple is
situated upon a platform, called the Grand Terrace, which consists of a
huge outer wall and a filling of massive stones. The lower courses of the
outer wall are formed of huge, finely crafted and precisely positioned
blocks. They range in size from thirty to thirty three feet in length, fourteen
feet in height and ten feet in depth, and weigh approximately 450 tons each.
Nine of these blocks are visible on the north side of the temple, nine on the
south, and six on the west (others may exist but archaeological excavations
have thus far not dug beneath all the sections of the Grand Terrace). Above
the six blocks on the western side are three even larger stones, called
the Trilithon, whose weight exceeds 1000 tons each. These great stones vary
in size between sixty-three and sixty-five feet in length, with a height of
fourteen feet six inches and a depth of twelve feet.
Another even larger stone lies in a limestone quarry a quarter of a mile from
the Baalbek complex. Weighing an estimated 1200 tons, it is sixty-nine feet
by sixteen feet by thirteen feet ten inches, making it the single largest piece
of stonework ever crafted in the world. Called the Hajar el Gouble, the
Stone of the South, or the Hajar el Hibla, the Stone of the Pregnant Woman,


--- Page 286 ---
it lays at a raised angle with the lowest part of its base still attached to
the quarry rock as though it were almost ready to be cut free and
transported to its presumed location next to the other stones of the Trilithon.
Why these stones are such an enigma to contemporary scientists, both
engineers and archaeologists alike, is that their method of quarrying,
transportation and precision placement is beyond the technological ability
of any known ancient or modern builders. Various ‘scholars’,
uncomfortable with the notion that ancient cultures might have
developed knowledge superior to modern science, have decided that the
massive Baalbek stones were laboriously dragged from the nearby quarries
to the temple site. While carved images in the temples of Egypt and
Mesopotamia do indeed give evidence of this method of block transportation
- using ropes, wooden rollers and thousands of laborers - the dragged
blocks are known to have been only 1/10th the size and weight of the
Baalbek stones and to have been moved along flat surfaces with wide
movement paths. The route to the site of Baalbek, however, is up hill, over
rough and winding terrain, and there is no evidence whatsoever of a flat
hauling surface having been created in ancient times.
Next there is the problem of how the mammoth blocks, once they were
brought to the site, were lifted and precisely placed in position. It has been
theorized that the stones were raised using a complex array of scaffolding,
ramps and pulleys which was powered by large numbers of humans and
animals working in unison. An historical example of this method has been
suggested as the solution for the Baalbek enigma. The Renaissance
architect Domenico Fontana, when erecting a 327-ton Egyptian obelisk in
front of St Peter's Basilica in Rome, used 40 huge pulleys, which
necessitated a combined force of 800 men and 140 horses. The area where
this obelisk was erected, however, was a great open space that
could easily accommodate all the lifting apparatus and the men and
horses pulling on the ropes. No such space is available in the spatial
context of how the Baalbek stones were placed. Hills slope away from
where lifting apparatus would need to have been placed and no evidence
has been found of a flat and structurally firm surface having been
constructed (and then mysteriously removed after the lifting was done).
Furthermore, not just one obelisk was erected but rather a series of giant
stones were precisely put in place side-by-side. Due to the positioning of
these stones, there is simply no conceivable place where a huge
pulley apparatus could have been stationed. "
References: (both of the following websites have excellent photos of the
area) http://www.sacredsites.com/middle_east/lebanon/baalbek.
htm http://www.bibliotecapleyades. net/esp_baalbek_1. htm 145 "... The


--- Page 287 ---
Domain took over the planet Venus... "
"The second-closest planet to the Sun, orbiting it every 224. 7 Earth days.
It is the brightest natural object in the night sky, except for the Moon,
reaching an apparent magnitude of -4. 6. Because Venus is an inferior
planet, from Earth it never appears to venture far from the Sun: its
elongation reaches a maximum of 47. 8°. Venus reaches its maximum
brightness shortly before sunrise or shortly after sunset, for which reason
it is often called the Morning Star or the Evening Star.
Classified as a terrestrial planet, it is sometimes called Earth's "sister
planet", for the two are similar in size, gravity, and bulk composition.
Venus is covered with an opaque layer of highly reflective clouds of
sulfuric acid, preventing its surface from being seen from space in visible
light; this was a subject of great speculation until some of its secrets were
revealed by planetary science in the twentieth century. Venus has the
densest atmosphere of all the terrestrial planets, consisting mostly of
carbon dioxide, as it has no carbon cycle to lock carbon back into rocks
and surface features, no organic life to absorb it in biomass. It has become
so hot that the earth-like oceans the young Venus is believed to have
possessed have totally evaporated, leaving a dusty dry desert scape with
many slab-like rocks. The evaporated water vapor has dissociated and
hydrogen has escaped into interplanetary space. The atmospheric pressure
at the planet's surface is 92 times that of the Earth, the great majority of it
carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases.
Venus's surface has been mapped in detail only in the last 20 years;
Project Magellan listed about a thousand meteor craters, a surprisingly
low number compared to Earth. It shows evidence of being geologically
very young with extensive volcanism, and the sulfur in the atmosphere is
taken by some experts to show many of its volcanoes are still active
today, but it is an enigma as to why no evidence of lava flow accompanies
any of the visible caldera. "
As one of the brightest objects in the sky, Venus has been known since
prehistoric times and as such has gained an entrenched position in human
culture. The Babylonians named the planet Ishtar, the personification of
womanhood, and goddess of love.
In western astrology, derived from its historical connotation with
goddesses of femininity and love, Venus is held to influence those aspects
of human life. In Indian Vedic astrology,
Venus is known as Shukra, meaning "clear, pure" or "brightness,
clearness" in Sanskrit.


--- Page 288 ---
146 "... There are a few life forms on Earth
that can endure an
atmospheric environment like Venus... "
"There are many different classes of extremophiles, each corresponding to
the way its environmental niche. Many extremophiles fall under multiple
categories. For example:
•    Acidophile: An organism with an optimum pH level at or below pH 3.
•    Alkaliohile: An organism with optimal growth at pH levels of 9 or above.
•    Endolith: An organism that lives in microscopic spaces within rocks,
such as pores between aggregate grains. These may also be called
cryptoendoliths. This term also includes organisms populating fissures,
aquifers, and faults filled with groundwater in the deep subsurface.
•    Halophile: An organism requiring at least 2M of salt, NaCl, for growth.
•    Hvperthermophile: An organism that can thrive at temperatures between
80-121 °C, such as those found in hydrothermal systems.
•    Hypolith: An organism that lives inside rocks in cold deserts.
•    Lithoautotroph: An organism (usually bacteria) whose sole source of
carbon is carbon dioxide and exergonic inorganic oxidation
(chemolithotrophs) such as Nitrosomonas europaea. These organisms are
capable of deriving energy from reduced mineral compounds like pyrites,
and are active in geochemical cycling and the weathering of parent bedrock
to form soil.
•    Metalotolerant: capable of tolerating high levels of dissolved heavy
metals in solution, such as copper, cadmium, arsenic, and zinc. Examples
include Ferroplasma sp. and Ralstonia metallidurans.
•    Oligotroph: An organism capable of growth in nutritionally limited
environments.
•    Osmophile: An organism capable of growth in environments with a high
sugar concentration.
•    Piezophile: An organism that lives optimally at high hydrostatic
pressure. Common in the deep terrestrial subsurface, as well as in oceanic
trenches.
•    Polyextremophile: An organism that qualifies as an extremophiles under


--- Page 289 ---
more than one category.
•    Psychrophile/Cryophile: An organism that grows better at temperatures
of 15 °C or lower. Common in cold soils, permafrost, polar ice, cold ocean
water, and in/under alpine snowpack.
•    Radioresistant: resistant to high levels of ionizing radiation, most
commonly ultraviolet radiation but also included organisms capable of
resisting nuclear radiation.
•    Thermophile: An organism that can thrive at temperatures between 60-
80 °C.
•    Xerophile: An organism that can grow in extremely dry, desiccating
conditions. This type is exemplified by the soil microbes of the Atacama
Desert.
Relative to the majority of the deep sea extremophiles, the areas around
submarine hydrothermal vents are biologically more productive, often
hosting complex communities fueled by the chemicals dissolved in the vent
fluids, supporting diverse organisms, including giant tube worms, clams,
and shrimp.
The water emerges from a hydrothermal vent at temperatures ranging up to
400°C, compared to a typical 2°C for the surrounding deep ocean water.
The high pressure at these depths significantly expands the thermal range at
which water remains liquid, and so the water doesn't boil. Water at a depth
of 3,000 m and a temperature of 407°C becomes supercritical
One community has been discovered dubbed 'Eel City', which consists
predominantly of eels. Though eels are not uncommon, as mentioned earlier
invertebrates typically dominate hydrothermal vents. Eel City is located
near Nafanua volcanic cone, American Samoa.
Other examples of the unique fauna who inhabit this ecosystem are a snail
armored with scales made up of iron and organic materials, and the
Pompeii worm (Alvinella Pompejana), which is capable of withstanding
temperatures up to 80°C (176°F). Over 300 new species have been
discovered at hydrothermal vents.
Active hydrothermal vents are believed to exist on Jupiter's moon Europa,
and ancient hydrothermal vents have been speculated to exist on Mars. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
147    "... asteroid belt... "


--- Page 290 ---
"The asteroid belt is the region of the Solar System located roughly between
the orbits of the planets Mars and Jupiter. It is occupied by numerous
irregularly shaped bodies called asteroids or minor plarnets. The asteroid
belt region is also termed the main belt to distinguish it from other
concentrations of minor planets within the Solar System, such as the Kuiper
belt and scattered disk.
More than half the mass within the main belt is contained in the four largest
objects: Ceres, 4 Vesta, 2 Pallas, and 10 Hygiea. All of these have mean
diameters of more than 400 km, while Ceres, the main belt's only dwarf
planet, is about 950 km in diameter. The remaining bodies range down to
the size of a dust particle. The asteroid material is so thinly distributed that
multiple unmanned spacecraft have traversed it without incident. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
148    "... Tiahuanaco... "
"Tiwanaku monumental architecture is characterized by large stones of
exceptional workmanship. In contrast to the masonry style of the later Inca,
Tiwanaku stone architecture usually employs rectangular ashlar blocks
laid in regular courses, and monumental structures were frequently fitted
with elaborate drainage systems.
Bronze or copper "double-T" clamps were often used to anchor large
blocks in place. The stone used to build Tiwanaku was quarried and then
transported 40 km or more to the city. They were moved without the aid of
the wheel, though much of the distance was over water.
The community grew to urban proportions (in antiquity) becoming an
important regional power in the southern Andes. Satellite imaging was used
recently to map the extent of fossilized suka kollus across the three primary
valleys of Tiwanaku, arriving at populationcarrying capacity estimates of
anywhere between 285,000 and 1, 482,000 people.
They worshipped many gods, and one of the most important gods was
Viracocha, the god of action, shaper of many worlds, and destroyer of
many worlds. He created
people, with two servants, on a great piece of rock. Then he drew sections
on the rock and sent his servants to name the tribes in those areas. In
Tiwanaku he created the people out of rock and brought life to them
through the earth. The Tiwanaku believed that Viracocha created giants
to move the massive stones that comprise much of their archeology, but
then grew unhappy with the giants and created a flood to destroy them. "


--- Page 291 ---
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
149    "... Ollantaytambo... "
"Ollantaytambo is a town in southern Peru, located in the district of
Ollantaytambo, province of Urubamba, Cusco region. It is approximately
60 km to the northwest of the city of Cusco, situated at an altitude of 2792
meters above sea level.
The city of Ollantaytambo is best known for its ruins, and for the spot
where the Inca emperor Manco Inca was able to defeat the Spanish in a
set-piece battle. The finely cut rocks and plantation terraces were very
large obstacles for the Conquistadors to surpass, and the fortress was also
used by Manco to conduct successful attacks on Francisco Pizarro and
other Conquistadors who were based in Lima. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
150    "... Machupiccu... "
Machu Picchu (Quechua: Machu Picchu, "Old Peak") is a pre-
Columbian Inca site located 2, 400 meters (7, 875 ft) above sea level. It is
situated on a mountain ridge above the Urubamba Valley in Peru, which
is 80 km (50 mi) northwest of Cuzco. Often referred to as "The Lost City
of the Incas", Machu Picchu is probably the most familiar symbol of the
Inca Empire.
One theory maintains that Machu Picchu was an Inca "llacta": a
settlement built to control the economy of the conquered regions. It may
also have been built as a prison for the selective few who had commited
such henous crimes against the Inca society. Research conducted by
scholars, such as John Rowe and Richard Burger, has convinced
most archaeologists that rather than a defensive retreat, Machu Picchu
was an estate of the Inca emperor, Pachacuti. In addition, Johan
Reinhard presented evidence that the site was selected based on its
position relative to sacred landscape features. One such example is
its mountains, which are purported to be in alignment with key
astronomical events.
Shamanic legends say that if you’re a sensitive person and you rub your
forehead against the world-famous Intihuatana Stone you will see the
spirit world. The Intihuatana stone is one of the many ritual stones in
South America. They are arranged so they point directly at the sun during


--- Page 292 ---
the winter solstice. The Spanish did not find Machu Picchu until the
20th century so the Intihuatana Stone was not destroyed like many other
ritual stones. It is also called "The Hitching Point of the Sun" because it
was supposed to hold the sun in it's place.
It is (as they said before) believed to be an astronomic clock built by the
Incas. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
151    "... Pachacamac... "
"The temple of Pachacamac is an archaeological site 40 km southeast of
Lima, Peru in the Valley of the Lurin River. It had at least one pyramid.
They used Pachacamac as primarily a religious site for the veneration of the
Pacha Kamaq creator god. The Ichma joined the Inca empire and
Pachacamac became an important administrative center.
However the Inca maintained it as a religious shrine and allowed the
Pachacamac priests to continue functioning independently of the Inca
priesthood. This included the oracle, whom the Inca presumably consulted.
The Inca built five additional buildings, including a temple to the Sun on the
main square. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
152    "... an electronic, light-wave emitting stone cutter and carving tools... "
"There are various laser cutting tools depending on the type of finished
product that you prefer. Laser cutter routers that are computer-driven can
cut each letter precisely, capturing every detail of the selected style. The
said manufacturing systems are useful in cutting out symbols and logos in a
cost effective manner.
Laser that is in a solid state uses one crystal rod with flat and parallel ends.
Both ends have surfaces that have the ability to reflect. A light source that
has high density and a flash tube surrounds the crystal.
When power is given by the network of pulse-forming, an intense light pulse
called photon is released in one of the rod crystals. The light released is one
wavelength and allows for minimum divergence.
A hundred percent of laser light is reflected on the rear mirror while thirty
to fifty percent will pass through the mirror then to the shutter assembly to
the angled mirror before going down through the lens and then to the work
piece.


--- Page 293 ---
The laser light beam is not only coherent but also has high energy content.
When it is focused on the surface, the laser light creates heat used for
welding, drilling, and cutting.
The laser beam and the work piece is manipulated through the use of
robotics. It can be adjusted to different sizes and heat intensity. The smaller
laser is used for drilling, cutting, and welding while the larger machines are
used in off giving heat. "
-- Reference: http://ezinearticles.com/?Laser-Cutting-Tools&id=352889
153    "The "great" pyramid... "
"A total of over 2, 300,000 blocks of limestone and granite were used in its
construction with the average block weighing 2. 5 tons and none weighing
less than 2 tons. The large blocks used in the ceiling of the King's Chamber
weigh as much as 9 tons. 1
•    The base of the pyramid covers 13 acres, 568, 500 square feet and the
length of each side was originally 754 feet, but is now 745 feet.
•    The original height was 481 feet tall, but is now only 449 feet.
The distance when Earth is closest to Sun (perihelion) is 147x106 km, which
is translated into royal cubits 280x10s, hinting at the height of the Great
pyramid, 280 royal cubits.
The earth/moon relationship is the only one in our solar system that
contains this unique golden section ratio that "squares the circle". Along
with this is the phenomenon that the moon and the sun appear to be the
same size, most clearly noticed during an eclipse. This too is true only from
earth's vantage point... No other planet/moon relationship in our
solar system can make this claim.
Although the problem of squaring the circle was proven mathematically
impossible in the 19th century (as pi, being irrational, cannot be exactly
measured), the Earth, the moon, and the Great Pyramid, are all coming
about as close as you can get to the solution!
If the base of the Great Pyramid is equated with the diameter of the earth,
then the radius of the moon can be generated by subtracting the radius of
the earth from the height of the pyramid.
The height of the Great Pyramid times 2n exactly equals the perimeter of the
pyramid. This proportions result from elegant design of the pyramid with the
height equal two diameters of a circle and the base equal to the
circumference of the circle.
The Pyramid of the Sun and the Great Pyramid of Egypt are almost or very


--- Page 294 ---
nearly equal to one another in base perimeter. The Pyramid of the Sun is
"almost" half the height of the Great Pyramid. There is a slight difference.
The Great Pyramid is 1. 03 - times larger than the base of the Pyramid of
the Sun. Conversely, the base of the Pyramid of the Sun is 97% of the Great
Pyramid's base. "
-- Reference: http://www.world-mysteries.com/mpl_2. htm 154 "... Pyramid
texts. "
"The Pyramid Texts are a collection of ancient Egyptian religious texts from
the time of the Old Kingdom, mostly inscriptions on the walls of tombs in
pyramids. They depict the Egyptian view of the afterlife, and the ascent into
the sky of the divine Pharaoh after death. They were written upwards of five
thousand years ago; thus, they are some of the oldest known writings in the
world.
The Pyramid Texts are also the oldest collection of religious spells known to
us from ancient Egypt. This collection forms the basis of much of the later
religious theology and literature of ancient Egypt. The passages were
eventually separated and categorized, as well as illustrated and eventually
evolved into the Book of the Dead, or more properly, The Book of the
Coming forth by Day.
It is difficult to date the Pyramid Texts. Their origins have aroused much
speculation regarding their origin because they emerge, as a fully-fledged
collection of mortuary texts, without any precedent in the archaeological
record. The fact that the texts are made up of distinct utterances which do
not have a strict narrative sequence linking them together has led scholars
to believe that many of them were not composed specifically for the purpose
of
being inscribed in the pyramids but may have had earlier uses. In fact,
spells such as Utterances 273-4, called the Cannibal Hymn, and which only
appears in the Pyramids of Unas and Teti, refer to aspects of the funerary
cult that seem to no longer been in practice at the time the pyramids were
built.
Early analysts attempted to date the text as early as possible; even from the
predynastic period. A very early dating of these texts remains a strong
possibility, though today, scholars place the text's origins with the date of
the monuments where they reside. In reality, we have very little idea of the
date of their initial invention, perhaps other than the antiquated language
employed. "
-- Reference: http://www.crystalinks.com/pyramidtext. html
155    "The great pyramid was located precisely at the exact center of all of


--- Page 295 ---
the land masses of Earth... "
"The Great Pyramid (the Pyramid of Khufu, or Cheops in Greek) at Gizeh,
Egypt, demonstrates the remarkable character of its placement on the face
of the Earth. The Pyramid lies in the center of gravity of the continents. It
also lies in the exact center of all the land area of the world, dividing the
earth's land mass into approximately equal quarters.
The north-south axis (31 degrees east of Greenwich) is the longest land
meridian, and the east-west axis (30 degrees north) is the longest land
parallel on the globe. There is obviously only one place that these longest
land-lines of the terrestrial earth can cross, and it is at the Great Pyramid! "
-- Reference: http://www.world-mysteries.com/mpl_2. htm
156    "... stars in the constellation of Orion's Belt (Ainitak), Sirius, Alpha
Draconis and Beta Ursa Minor... "
"The Hall of Truth in Light" (in the Great Pyramid) are an extension of the
upward passage way (which) opens as a Grand Gallery. Other interior
features include: a Great Step; a lower Queen's chamber; an upper King's
chamber with an open tomb which was never used for burial; and, two
passage ways which actually pinpoint Sirius and Ainitak in the "belt" of
the Orion Constellation -- the other two precisely point to Thuban in the
Draco Constellation which was the old North Star at the time of the
Pyramid's supposed construction and the present North Star.
-- Reference: http://www.geocities.com/regkeith/rkeith5a. htm
Big Dipper Constellation stars include:
Dubhe
Merak
Phecda
Megrez
Alioth
Mizar
Alkaid
Alnitak is a double star system. Alnitak A is a blue O9.7Ib supergiant star
about 15 times the diameter of the sun, at least 11,000 times more
luminous than the sun.
Thuban is another name for the star is Adib from the Arabic Al Dhi'bah,
"The Hyenas". A number of stars in the constellation of Draco.
According to Allen, seamen were accustomed to call Thuban "The


--- Page 296 ---
Dragon's Tail. " Thuban is a white A0III giant having a luminosity
about 260 times that of the sun. Spectral analysis indicates that Thuban
has a companion star orbiting with a 51. 4 day period.
Sirius is also known colloquially as the "Dog Star", reflecting its
prominence in its constellation, Canis Major. It is the subject of more
mythological and folkloric tales than any other star apart from the sun.
The heliacal rising of Sirius marked the flooding of the Nile in Ancient
Egypt and the 'Dog Days' of summer
Sirius is the brightest star in the night sky with a visual apparent
magnitude of -1. 47, almost twice as bright as Canopus, the next brightest
star. What appears as a single star to the naked eye is actually a binary
star system, consisting of Sirius A, and a faint white dwarf companion of
spectral type DA2, termed Sirius B.
Sirius is bright due to both its intrinsic luminosity and its closeness to the
Sun. At a distance of 2. 6 parsecs (8. 6 light-years), the Sirius system is
one of our near neighbors. Sirius A is about twice as massive as the Sun
and has an absolute visual magnitude of 1. 42. It is 25 times more
luminous than the Sun.
Sirius is recorded in the earliest astronomical records, known in Ancient
Egypt as Sopdet (Greek: Sothis). During the era of the Middle Kingdom,
Egyptians based their calendar on the heliacal rising of Sirius, namely the
day it becomes visible just before sunrise after moving far enough away
from the glare of the sun. This occurred just before the annual flooding of
the Nile and the summer solstice, after a 70 day absence from the skies.
The hieroglyph for Sothis features a star and a triangle. Sothis was
identified with the great goddess Isis who formed a part of a trinity with
her husband Osiris and their son Horus, while the 70 day period
symbolized the passing of Isis and Osiris though the duat
(Egyptian underworld).
North Star, also known as the Pole Star, is the star that lies closest in the
sky to the north celestial pole, and which appears directly overhead to an
observer at the Earth's North Pole. The current North Star is Polaris,
which lies about two-thirds of a degree from the pole at the end of the
"handle" of the Little Dipper asterism in the constellation Ursa Minor.
Polaris has a visual magnitude of 1. 97 (second magnitude). (Some people
mistakenly think that Polaris is the brightest star in the night sky. This title
belongs to Sirius, and there are many others stars also brighter than
Polaris. )
Due to the precession of the equinoxes the direction of the Earth's axis is
very slowly but continuously changing, and as the projection of the


--- Page 297 ---
Earth's axis moves around the celestial sphere over the millennia, the role
of North Star passes from one star to another. Since the precession of the
equinoxes is so slow, a single star typically holds that title for
many centuries.
In 3000 BC the faint star Thuban in the constellation Draco was the
North Star. At
magnitude 3. 67 (fourth magnitude) it is only one-fifth as bright as
Polaris, the current North Star (situated 430 light-years away).
157    "... Pan, God of The Woods... "
-- Reference: For more detailed information about the IS-BE know as Pan,
please read the book "Pan, God of The Woods" by Lawrence R. Spencer (
www. godofthewoods. com )
158    " The human pharaoh moved the Capital city of Egypt from Memphis
to Heracleopolis".
"Heracleopolis was the main city of Egypt during a turbulent time in our
history, the First Intermediate Period. Details are not clear, but apparently
when the VIth dynasty ended, the rulers who followed were too weak to
rule the whole land. Akhtoy, the local nomarch, declared independence
from Memphis, and when the last Memphite pharaoh died childless, he
declared himself god-king of the Two Lands and founder of the IXth
dynasty. All of Middle Egypt and part of the eastern Nile Delta submitted
to Akhtoy's authority. Akhmin, in the 9th nome, became the southern
boundary between those who supported Akhtoy and those who opposed
him.
In Upper Egypt there were at least three governors who refused to
acknowledge the new order: those of Thinis, Wast (Thebes) and Nekhen
(Hierakonopolis). For a long time they fought among themselves, because
chaos always reigns where there is no central authority. Finally one of
them, Inyotef II of Wast, prevailed against the others; the nomarchs of
Asyut now became the defenders of the dignity of the Heracleopolitan
kings. The IXth dynasty was succeeded by the Xth at home, and for more
than sixty years the line was held at Akhmin, despite frequent raids from
both sides. Finally the grandson of Inyotef, Mentuhotep II, captured
Asyut; once that happened he quickly marched downstream and overthrew
the Xth dynasty. That marked the reunification of Egypt and the
beginning of the Middle Kingdom. Heracleopolis was never as important
afterwards, though it marked the site of a key fortress in the XXIInd
dynasty, built by the second son of Osorkon II. "
-- Reference: http://members.tripod.com/~Raseneb/Akhtoy.htm


--- Page 298 ---
159    "... when Atlantis fell..."
"Plato's reference to Egypt as the source of the Atlantis myth, via Solon.
The Egyptians called Atlantis Kepchu, which also happens to be their
name for the people of Crete. It is speculated that survivors of the Minoan
volcanic disaster asked Egypt for help, since they were the only other
civilization with high culture at the time.
Plato described quarries on the island of Atlantis where "rocks of white,
black, and red" were extracted from the hills and used to construct a great
island city. The description matches the rocks found on Santorini.
The island-city of Atlantis was described as being laid out in a series of
concentric circles of land and water, each one connected to the sea by a
deep canal. Docks for a huge number of ships, and a causeway for
unloading cargo of said ships, also was described. Unearthed frescos from
the island have depicted Santorini with a configuration that can be
interpreted in this way. It also shows a huge city on the island, theorized
by archaeologists to represent the center of the caldera.
At Akrotiri there are multi-story buildings. This city may have had the
earliest form of town planning (structured assembly of interconnecting
roads and paths) ever discovered, again, with fresh running water and
toilets in each house leading to a sewer system. Many such sites now have
been unearthed, both on Crete and Santorini." -- Reference: Wikipedia.org
(See "Santorini")
160 "... the Egyptians., who called "Atlantis" Kepchu,
which also happens to be their name for the people of
Crete."
"Minoan civilization disappeared suddenly, at the height of its wealth and
power. This also was similar to Plato's description of the fate of the
"Atlanteans". Scientists theorize that multiple tsunamis hit the island of
Crete, circa 1500 BC, which came from the direction of the island of
Santorini (then called Thera) about 100 miles from Crete.
Santorini is the site of a massive caldera with an island at its center.
Vulcanologists have determined this ill-fated island was engulfed by the
terrible ca. 1500 BC eruption and collapse of the Stroggili volcano there,
which affected the entire eastern Mediterranean, as far away as the Near
East—possibly the most powerful eruption in recorded history,
ejecting approximately 30 km3 (7 cu miles) of magma, up to 36 km (23


--- Page 299 ---
miles) high. Volcanic events of this magnitude are known to generate
tsunamis." -- Reference: Wikipedia.org
161
the exact geodetic center of Egypt..."
"Five years into the co-regency, Amenhotep IV changed his name to
Akhenaten and left Thebes to establish a new Egyptian capital city, which
he called Akhetaten (meaning the resting place or horizon of the Aten).
The change in name indicated that he no longer considered himself to be
the son of the god Amun, but of Aten. On the monuments marking the
four corners of the new city, Akhenaten referred to the hateful words
spoken about him and his forefathers by the priests of Amun. Obviously,
he had hoped that the city of Akhetaten would be his resting place as well.
At the city of Akhetaten, the ancient religion of the Aten received a make-
over. Aten temple design, ritual, and symbolism (by a falcon-headed man
and a sun disc referred to as Re-Herakhty) derived originally from the
traditional solar god Ra whose center of worship had been from very
ancient times at Memphis and On (Heliopolis). By the end of the
coregency, the falcon-man had been removed from the Aten's symbol. The
Aten had in essence become a god without human or animal image. The
disc of the sun was now considered to be the single physical representation
of the invisible and eternal god, Ra, and a deity in its own right. (The sun
disc was used later as a royal "lamelech" seal by the Kings of Judah). The
cartouche of Akhenaten's god and heavenly father, the Aten, bore the
name Imram. In the Bible, Moses is referred to as the son of Amram, the
Hebrew equivalent.
The name of the Egyptian deity Aten transliterates into the Hebrew word
Adon. Adon, which is translated by English Bibles as "the Lord" (and
Adonai, translated as "my Lord") is used along with Jehovah (Yhwh) in
the Bible as the exclusive personal names of God. Moreover, in ancient
times, the name Jehovah (Yhwh) was written, but never spoken. Whenever
the written name Jehovah (Yhwh) was to be read out loud, Adon (Aten)
was voiced instead. The written form of Adon is infrequent, however, its
limited usage is significant, especially in the first six books of the Bible
(See under "LORD" in Strong's
Exhaustive Concordance), where it is reserved for the following
applications alone: Moses addresses God using the title Adon/Aten
(Exodus 4:10,13; 5:22; 34:9; Numbers 14:17; Deuteronomy 3:23; 7:26;
10:17); Moses, himself, is addressed both by Aaron (Ex.32:22;


--- Page 300 ---
Num.12:11) and by Joshua (Numbers 11:28) using the title Adon/Aten;
and Joshua also addresses God using the title Adon/Aten (Joshua 5:14 b;
7:7). As mentioned above, there is an established relationship between the
literature of the Egyptian 18th Dynasty and the Bible. Psalm 104 is an
embellishment of the Hymn to the Aten which was found by
archaeologists at the city of Akhetaten.
The religious reforms of Akhenaten included the rejection of traditional
Egyptian magic and astrology associated with the cult of Amun, and the
rejection of the cult of Osiris with its version of belief in eternal judgment
and the afterlife as well. The site chosen for the new capital of Egypt
further demonstrated Akhenaten's desire for a new balance as it
was located at the exact geodetic center of the country."
-- Reference: http://www.domainofman.com/ankhemmaat/moses.html
162 "... the destruction of T roy as the finale of the T rojan War."
"In Greek mythology, the Trojan War was waged against the city of Troy
by the Achaeans after Paris of Troy stole Helen from her husband
Menelaus, the king of Sparta. The war is among the most important events
in Greek mythology, and was narrated in many works of Greek literature,
including the Iliad and the Odyssey by Homer. The Iliad relates a part of
the last year of the siege of Troy, while the Odyssey describes the journey
home of Odysseus, one of the Achaean leaders. Other parts of the war
were told in a cycle of epic poems, which has only survived in fragments.
Episodes from the war provided material for Greek tragedy and other
works of Greek literature, and for Roman poets like Virgil and Ovid.
The war originated from a quarrel between the goddesses Athena, Hera
and Aphrodite, after Eris, the goddess of strife and discord, gave them a
golden apple, sometimes known as the Apple of Discord, marked "for the
fairest". The goddesses went to Paris, who judged that Aphrodite, as the
"fairest", should receive the apple. In exchange, Aphrodite made
Helen, the most beautiful of all women, fall in love with Paris, who took
her to Troy. Agamemnon, king of Mycenae and the brother of Helen's
husband Menelaus, led an expedition of Achaean troops to Troy and
besieged the city for ten years. After the deaths of many heroes, including
the Achaeans Achilles and Ajax, and the Trojans Hector and Paris, the
city fell to the ruse of the Trojan Horse. The Achaeans slaughtered the
Trojans and desecrated the temples, thus earning the gods' wrath. Few of
the Achaeans returned safely to their homes and many founded colonies
in distant shores. The Romans later traced their origin to Aeneas, one of
the Trojans, who was said to have led the surviving Trojans to Italy.
The Ancient Greeks thought the Trojan War was a historical event that


--- Page 301 ---
had taken place in the 13th or 12th century BC, and believed that Troy
was located in modern day Turkey near the Dardanelles. By modern times
both the war and the city were widely believed to be nonhistorical. In 1870,
however, the German archaeologist Heinrich Schliemann excavated a site
in this area which he identified as Troy; this claim is now accepted by
most scholars
The Trojan War derive from a specific historical conflict usually date it to
the 12th or 11th centuries BC, often preferring the dates given by
Eratosthenes, 1194-1184 BC, which roughly corresponds with
archaeological evidence of a catastrophic burning of Troy."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
1
  Construction date (Estimated): 2589 B. C..
•    Construction time (Estimated): 20 years.
•    Total weight (Estimated): 6. 5 million tons.
•    The estimated total weight of the structure is 6. 5 million tons!


--- Page 302 ---
"Homer, the blind Greek poet..."
163
"Homer (ancient Greek: Dgnpoq, Homeros) was an ancient Greek
(Ionian) epic poet, traditionally considered the author of the epic poems
the Iliad and the Odyssey. No reliable biographical information about
Homer survives from classical antiquity. The cardinal qualities of the style
of Homer have been well articulated by Matthew Arnold: "the
translator of Homer," he says, "should above all be penetrated by a sense
of the four qualities of his author: that he is eminently rapid; that he is
eminently plain and direct, both in the evolution of his thought and in the
expression of it, that is, both in his syntax and in his words; that he is
eminently plain and direct in the substance of his thought, that is, in his
matter and ideas; and finally, that he is eminently noble".
The language used by Homer is an archaic version of Ionic Greek, with
admixtures from certain other dialects, such as Aeolic Greek. It later
served as the basis of Epic Greek, the language of epic poetry, typically in
dactylic hexameter.
A number of traditions hold that he was blind (perhaps because, in the
Aeolian dialect of Cyme, homeros bore this meaning) and that he was
born on the island of Chios, at Smyrna or elsewhere in Ionia, where
various cities vied in claiming him as one of their native sons. The
characterization of Homer as a blind bard is supported by a possibly self-
referential passage in the Odyssey in which a shipwrecked Odysseus
listens to the tales of a blind bard named Demodocus while in the court of
the Phaeacian king."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
164    "Solon, a wise man from Greece reported the existence of Atlantis.."
"Solon was a famous Athenian statesman, lawmaker, and Lyric poet. The
travel writer, Pausanias, listed Solon among the Seven Sages of the
ancient world. Solon has acquired a place in history and in folklore
through his efforts to legislate against political, economic and moral
decline in archaic Athens. Some of his reforms failed in the short term, yet
he is often credited with having laid the foundations for Athenian
democracy.
After he had finished reforming the country, Solon traveled abroad. His
first stop was Egypt. There he visited Heliopolis, where he discussed
philosophy with an Egyptian expert on the subject, Psenophis.


--- Page 303 ---
Subsequently, at Sais, he visited Neith's temple and received from the
priests there an account of the history of Atlantis. Solon wrote out this
history as a poem, to which Plato subsequently made references in his
dialogues Timaios and Critias. Next Solon sailed to Cyprus, where he
oversaw the construction of a new capital for a local king, in gratitude for
which the king named it Soloi."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
165    " Zoroaster..."
"Zoroaster, the prophet and poet sees the universe as the cosmic struggle
between asa “truth" and druj “lie." The cardinal concept of asa - which is
highly nuanced and only vaguely translatable - is at the foundation of all
other Zoroastrian doctrine, including that of Ahura Mazda (who is asa),
creation (that is asa), existence (that is asa) and Free Will, which
is arguably Zoroaster’s greatest contribution to religious philosophy. The
purpose of humankind, like that of all other creation, is to sustain asa.
For humankind, this occurs through active participation in life and the
exercise of good thoughts, words and deeds.
The name Zoroaster was famous in classical antiquity, and a number of
different Zoroasters - all described as having occult powers - appear in
historiographic accounts.
In Pliny’s Natural History, Zoroaster is said to have laughed on the day of
his birth. He lived in the wilderness and enjoyed exploring it from a young
age. Plutarch compares him with Lycurgus and Numa Pompilius (Numa, 4).
Plutarch, drawing partly on Theopompus, speaks of Zoroaster in Isis and
Osiris: In this work, the prophet is empowered by trust in his God and the
protection of his allies. He faces outward opposition and unbelief, and
inward doubt.
The works of Zoroaster had a significant influence on Greek philosophy and
Roman philosophy. The ancient Greek writer Eudoxus of Cnidus and the
Latin writer Pliny the Elder praised Zoroaster’s philosophy as “the most
famous and most useful." Plato learnt of Zoroaster’s philosophy through
Eudoxus and incorporated some of it into his own Platonic realism. In the
third century BC, however, Colotes accused Plato’s The Republic
of plagiarizing parts of (what is attributed to) Zoroaster’s On Nature, such
as the Myth of Er. Plato’s contemporary, Heraclides Ponticus, wrote a text
called Zoroaster based on Zoroaster’s philosophy in order to express his
disagreement with Plato on natural philosophy.


--- Page 304 ---
Zoroaster was mentioned by the nineteenth-century poet William Butler
Yeats. His wife and he were said to have claimed to have contacted
Zoroaster through “automatic writing."
The 2005 edition of the Oxford Dictionary of Philosophy places Zoroaster
first in a chronology of philosophers. "
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
166    "... an IS-BE called Ahura Mazda."
“Ahura Mazda (Ahura Mazda) is the Avestan language name for a divinity
exalted by Zoroaster as the one uncreated Creator, hence God. He is the
nameless “Father Asura", that is, Varuna of the Rigveda. In this view,
Zoroastrian mazda is the equivalent of the Vedic medhira, described in
Rigveda 8.6.10 as the "(revealed) insight into the cosmic order".
Ahura Mazda is seen as the Ahura par excellence, superior to both
*vouruna and *mitra, and the nameless "Father Asura" of the Rigveda and
is a distinct divinity. The Zoroastrian faith is thus described by its adherents
as Mazdayasna, the worship of Mazda. In the Avesta, "Ahura Mazda is the
highest object of worship".
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
167    "Laozi, a philosopher who wrote a small book called "The Way"..."
"According to tradition, it was written around 6th century BC by the Taoist
sage Laozi (or Lao Tzu, "Old Master"), a record-keeper at the Zhou Dynasty
court, by whose name the text is known in China. Tao Te Ching is a Chinese
classic text. Its name comes from the opening words of its two sections: M
dao "way," and S de "virtue".
This ancient book is also central in Chinese religion, not only for Taoism
(Daojiao M&0 but Chinese Buddhism, which when first introduced into
China was largely interpreted through the use of Taoist words and concepts.
Many Chinese artists, including poets, painters,
calligraphers, and even gardeners have used the Tao Te Ching as a source
of inspiration. Its influence has also spread widely outside East Asia, aided
by hundreds of translations into Western languages."
Tao is nameless. (Tao) goes beyond distinctions, and transcends language.
Laozi describes a state of existence before time or space:
"The Way that can be told of is not an unvarying way;


--- Page 305 ---
The names that can be named are not unvarying names.
It was from the Nameless that heaven and Earth sprang;
The named is but the mother that rears the ten thousand creatures.
Each after its kind."
"The Spirit never dies.
It is the Mysterious Female.
The doorway of the Mysterious Female
Is the base from which Heaven and Earth sprang.
It is there within us, all the while;
Draw upon it as you will.
It never runs dry.
We put spokes together and call it a wheel;
But it is on the space where there is nothing that the value of the wheel
depends.
We turn clay to make a vessel;
But it is on the space where there is nothing that the value of the vessel
depends.
We pierce doors and windows to make a house;
And it is on these spaces where there is nothing that the value of the house
depends.
Therefore just as we take advantage of what is, we should recognize the
value of what is not.
Knowing others is wisdom;
Knowing the self is enlightenment.
Mastering others requires force;
Mastering the self requires strength;
He who knows he has enough is rich.
Perseverance is a sign of will power.
He who stays where he is, endures.
To die but not to perish is to be eternally present."
Many believe the Tao Te Ching contains universal truths that have been


--- Page 306 ---
independently recognized in other philosophies, both religious and secular."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 307 ---
168 "...Genesis..."
"Genesis (Greek: "birth", "origin") is the first book of the Bible of Judaism
and of Christianity, and the first of five books of the Pentateuch or Torah.
"1 Now it came about, when men began to multiply on the face of the land,
and daughters were born to them,
2    that the "sons of God" saw that the daughters of men were beautiful; and
they took wives for themselves, whomever they chose.
3    Then Yaweh said, “My Spirit shall not strive with man forever, because
he also is flesh; nevertheless his days shall be one hundred and twenty
years."
4    The Nephilim were on the earth in those days, and also afterward, when
the "sons of God" came in to the daughters of men, and they bore children
to them. Those were the mighty men who were of old, men of renown.
5    Then Yaweh saw that the wickedness of man was great on the earth, and
that every intent of the thoughts of his heart was only evil continually."
-- Reference: http://bible.cc/genesis/6-4.htm


--- Page 308 ---
169    "... Omphalos stones..."
"An omphalos is an ancient religious stone artifact, or baetylusr. In Greek,
the word omphalos means "navel" (compare the name of Queen Omphale).
According to the ancient Greeks, Zeus sent out two eagles to fly across the
world to meet at its center, the "navel" of the world. Omphalos stones used
to denote this point were erected in several areas surrounding the
Mediterranean Sea; the most famous of those was at the oracle in Delphi.
Most accounts locate the Omphalos in the temple adyton near the Pythia.
The stone itself (which may have been a copy) has a carving of a knotted net
covering its surface, and has a hollow centre, which widens towards its base
The Omphalos at Delphi came to be identified as the stone which Rhea
wrapped in swaddling clothes, pretending it was Zeus. This was to deceive
Cronus, his father, who swallowed his children so they could not grow up
and depose him as he had deposed his own father, Uranus. Omphalos stones
were said to allow direct communication with "the gods".
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
170    "...Python, the serpent..."
"In Greek mythology Python, serpent, was the earth-dragon of Delphi,
always represented in sculpture and vase-paintings as a serpent. She
resided at the Delphic oracle, which existed in the cult center for her
mother, Gaia, Earth, Pytho being the place name. The site was considered
the center of the earth, represented by a stone, the omphalos or navel, which
Python guarded. Pytho became the enemy of the later Olympian deity
Apollo, who slew her and remade her former home and the oracle, the most
famous in Classical Greece, as his own. Many pictures show the serpent
Python guarding the Omphalos, the sacred navel-stone and mid-point of the
earth, which stood in Apollo's temple".
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
171    "...Cyrus II of Persia..."
Cyrus the Great (c. 590 BC or 576 — August 529 BC or 530 BC), also
known as Cyrus II of Persia and Cyrus the Elder, was a Persian emperor.
He was the founder of the Persian
Empire under the Achaemenid dynasty. The empire expanded under his
rule, eventually conquering most of Southwest Asia and much of Central
Asia, from Egypt and the Hellespont in the west to the Indus River in the


--- Page 309 ---
east, to create the largest state the world had yet seen.
During his twenty-nine year reign, Cyrus fought against some of the
greatest states of his time, including the Median Empire, the Lydian
Empire, and the Neo-Babylonian Empire. Cyrus did not venture into
Egypt, as he himself died in battle, fighting the Massagetae along the Syr
Darya in August 530 BC. He was succeeded by his son, Cambyses II,
who managed to conquer Egypt during his short rule.
Beyond his nation, Cyrus left a lasting legacy on Jewish religion (through
his Edict of Restoration), politics, and military strategy, as well as on both
Eastern and Western civilization.
The only known example of his religious policy is his treatment of the
Jews in Babylon. The Bible records that a remnant of the Jewish
population returned to the Promised Land from Babylon, following an
edict from Cyrus to rebuild the temple. This edict is fully reproduced in the
Book of Ezra. As a result of Cyrus' policies, the Jews honored him as a
dignified and righteous king. He is the only Gentile to be designated as a
messiah, a divinely-appointed king, in the Tanakh (Isaiah 45:1-6).
Some contemporary Muslim scholars have suggested that the Qur’anic
figure of Dhul-Qarnayn is Cyrus the Great. This theory was proposed by
Sunni scholar Abul Kalam Azad and endorsed by Shi'a scholars Allameh
Tabatabaei, in his Tafsir al-Mizan and Makarem Shirazi and Sunni
scholar Abul Ala Maududi.
During his reign, Cyrus maintained control over a vast region of
conquered kingdoms, achieved partly through retaining and expanding
Median satrapies. Cyrus' conquests began a new era in the age of empire
building, where a vast superstate, comprising many dozens of countries,
races, religions, and languages, were ruled under a single administration
headed by a central government.
In 1992, he was ranked #87 on Michael H. Hart's list of the most
influential figures in history. On December 10, 2003, in her acceptance of
the Nobel Peace Prize, Shinn Ebadi evoked Cyrus, saying:
"I am an Iranian, a descendant of Cyrus the Great. This emperor proclaimed
at the pinnacle of power 2,500 years ago that he 'would not reign over the
people if they did not wish it.' He promised not to force any person to
change his religion and faith and guaranteed freedom for all. The Charter of
Cyrus the Great should be studied in the history of human rights."
Many of the forefathers of the United States of America sought inspiration
from Cyrus the Great through works such as Cyropaedia. Thomas
Jefferson, for example, had two personal copies of the book, "which was a


--- Page 310 ---
mandatory read for statesmen alongside Machiavelli's The Prince."
In a recent segment of ABC's Nightline with Ted Koppel, Ted Koppel
mentioned Cyrus the Great, when he was talking about the new
documentary film being made in his honor, and had this to say of him:
“Cyrus the Great is genuinely one of history's towering figures. America's
own founders such as Thomas Jefferson were influenced by Cyrus the Great
in the field of Human Rights.”
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
172    "... unique system of organization used by Cyrus II..."
"During his reign, Cyrus maintained control over a vast region of
conquered kingdoms, achieved partly through retaining and expanding
Median satrapies. Further organization of newly conquered territories into
provinces ruled by vassal kings called satraps, was continued by Cyrus'
successor Darius the Great. Cyrus' empire demanded only tribute and
conscripts from many parts of the realm.
Cyrus was distinguished equally as a statesman and as a soldier. By
pursuing a policy of generosity instead of repression, and by favoring local
religions, he was able to make his newly conquered subjects into
enthusiastic supporters. Due in part to the political infrastructure he
created, the Achaemenid empire endured long after his demise.
The rise of Persia under Cyrus's rule had a profound impact on the course
of world history. Persian philosophy, literature and religion all played
dominant roles in world events for the next millennia. Despite the Islamic
conquest of Persia in the 7th century CE by the Islamic Caliphate (Arab
Empire), Persia continued to exercise enormous influence in the Middle
East during the Islamic Golden Age."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
173    "... tree of life...."
"Trees of life appear in folklore, culture and fiction, often relating to
immortality. These often hold cultural and religious significance to the
peoples for whom they appear.
The Sumerian (or Persian) Tree of Life was represented by a series of nodes
and crisscrossing lines. It was an important religious symbol among these
peoples, often attended to by Eagle Headed Gods & Priests, or the King
himself.
•    In Chinese mythology a carving of a Tree of Life depicts a phoenix and a
dragon -in Chinese mythology the dragon often represents immortality.


--- Page 311 ---
There is also the Taoist story of a tree that produces a peach every three
thousand years. The one who eats the fruit receives immortality.
•    An archaeological discovery in the 1990s was of a sacrificial pit at
Sanxingdui in Sechuan, China. Dating from about 1200 BCE, it contained 3
bronze trees, one of them 4 meters high. At the base was a dragon, and fruit
hanging from the lower branches. At the top is a strange bird-like (phoenix)
creature with claws. Also from Sechuan, from the late Han dynasty (c 25 -
220 CE) is another tree of life. The ceramic base is guarded by a horned
beast with wings. The leaves of the tree are coins and people.
•    In Egyptian mythology, in the Ennead system of Heliopolis, the first
couple, apart from Shu & Tefnut (moisture & dryness) and Geb & Nuit
(earth & sky), are Isis & Osiris. They were said to have emerged from the
acacia tree of Saosis, which the Egyptians considered the tree of life,
referring to it as the "tree in which life and death are enclosed".
•    The Egyptian's Holy Sycamore also stood on the threshold of life and
death, connecting the two worlds.
•    In Germanic paganism, trees played a prominent role, appearing in
various aspects of surviving texts and possibly in the name of gods.
•    The tree of life appears in Norse religion as Yggdrasil, the world tree, a
massive tree with extensive lore surrounding it. Perhaps related to the
Yggdrasil, accounts have survived of Germanic Tribes honouring sacred
trees within their societies.
•    In Norse Mythology it is the golden apples from Idunn's tree that
provides immortality for the gods.
•    The Tree of Life is mentioned in the Books of Genesis, in which it has
the potential to grant immortality to Adam and Eve. (However, it is not
immediately obvious, nor is it universally accepted, that the Book of Genesis
account and the Book of Revelation account speak of the same Tree of Life.)
•    A Tree of Life, in the form of ten interconnected nodes, is an important
part of the Kabbalah. As such, it resembles the ten Sephirot.
•    The Tree of Life appears in the Book of Mormon in a revelation to Lehi
(see 1 Nephi 8:10-12). It is symbolic of the love of God (see 1 Nephi 11:21-
23), and sometimes understood as salvation and post-mortal existence.
•    Etz Chaim, Hebrew for "Tree of Life", is a common term used in
Judaism. The expression, found in the Book of Proverbs, is figuratively
applied to the Torah itself.
•    Among pre-Columbian Mesoamerican cultures, the concept of "world
trees" is a prevalent motif in Mesoamerican mythical cosmologies and


--- Page 312 ---
iconography. World trees embodied the four cardinal directions, which
represented also the fourfold nature of a central world tree, a symbolic axis
mundi connecting the planes of the Underworld and the sky with that of the
terrestrial world.
•    Depictions of world trees, both in their directional and central aspects,
are found in the art and mythological traditions of cultures such as the
Maya, Aztec,
Izapan, Mixtec, Olmec, and others, dating to at least the Mid/Late
Formative periods of Mesoamerican chronology.
•    Directional world trees are also associated with the four Year bearers
in Mesoamerican calendars, and the directional colors and deities.
•    World trees are frequently depicted with birds in their branches, and
their roots extending into earth or water (sometimes atop a "water-
monster", symbolic of the underworld).
•    The central world tree has also been interpreted as a representation of
the band of the Milky Way. Fragment of a bronze helmet from Urartu, with
the "Tree of Life" depicted.
•    In ancient Armrenia around 13th to 6th century BC, the Tree of Life was
a religious symbol, drawn onto the exterior walls of fortresses and carved
on the armour of warriors. The branches of the tree were equally divided on
the right and left sides of the stem, with each branch having one leaf, and
one leaf on the apex of the tree. Servants (some winged) stood on each side
of the tree with one of their hands up as if they are taking care of it. This
tree can be found on numerous Urartu artifacts, such as paintings on the
walls of the Erebuni fortress in Yerevan, Armenia. 1
propagated by the fact that after they passed (died), ancestors and animals
were often portrayed as branches on the tree.
•    The Book of One Thousand and One Nights has a story, 'The Tale of
Buluqiya', in which the hero searches for immortality and finds a paradise
with jewel-encrusted trees. Nearby is a Fountain of Youth guarded by Al-
Khidr. Unable to defeat the guard, Buluqiya has to return empty-handed.
•    The Epic of Gilgamesh is a similar quest for immortality. In
Mesopotamian mythology, Etana searches for a 'plant of birth' to provide
him with a son. This has a solid provenance of antiquity, being found in
cylinder seals from Akkad (2390 -2249 BCE).
•    One of the earliest forms of ancient Greek religion has its origins
associated with tree cults.
In mystical traditions of world religions, sacred texts are read for


--- Page 313 ---
metaphorical content concerning the relationship between states of mind
and the external experience of reality. As such, the tree is a
manifestation/causal symbol - the Tree of Life representing the coveted
state of eternal aliveness or fulfillment, not immortality of the body or soul.
In such a state, physical death (which cannot be overcome) is nevertheless
a choice, and direct experience of the perfect goodness/divine reality/god is
not only possible, but ever present.
Once the ego (surface consciousness) experiences shame, having been
tempted to absorb or believe in duality (such as eating of the Tree of
Knowledge of Good and Evil), we are protected from living eternally in
that limiting, fallen, experience by the cherubim guarding the gate of
return to paradise. The cherubim are symbolic of the perfect knowledge
of self or true nature, with the power of purification and return to being."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
174    "... the carvings show cone-shaped instruments, and electronic
detection devices which are stylized as baskets or water buckets, being
carried by eagle headed, winged beings...."
EDITOR'S NOTE: Excellent photographs of these can be viewed at the
following website: http://www.crystalinks.com/godswaterbuckets.html
175    "... faravahar..."
"The faravahar or farohar (transliteration varies) is one of the best-known
symbols of Zoroastrianism.
The winged disc has a long history in the art and culture of the ancient
Near and Middle East. Historically, the symbol is influenced by the
"winged sun" hieroglyph appearing on Bronze Age royal seals. While the
symbol is currently thought to represent a Fravashi (c. a guardian angel)
and from which it derives its name, what it represented in the minds
of those who adapted it from earlier Mesopotamian and Egyptian reliefs is
unclear. Because the symbol first appears on royal inscriptions, it is also
thought to represent the 'Divine Royal Glory' (khvarenah), or the Fravashi
of the king, or represented the divine mandate that was the foundation of a
king's authority.
This relationship between the name of the symbol and the class of divine
entities reflects the current belief that the symbol represents a Fravashi.
However, there is no physical description of the Fravashis in the Avesta
and in Avestan the entities are grammatically feminine.
Prior to the reign of Darius I, the symbol did not have a human form
above the wings. In present-day Zoroastrianism, the faravahar is said to


--- Page 314 ---
be a reminder of one's purpose in life, which is to live in such a way that
the soul progresses towards frasho-kereti, or union with Ahura Mazda."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
176    "..Cannes..."
"Oannes was the name given by the Babylonian writer Berossus in the 3rd
century BC to a mythical being who taught mankind wisdom. Berossus
describes Oannes as having the body of a fish but underneath the figure of
a man. He is described as dwelling in the Persian Gulf, and rising out of
the waters in the daytime and furnishing mankind instruction in writing,
the arts and the various sciences.
Once thought to be based on the ancient Babylonian god Ea, it is now
known that Oannes is in fact based on Uan (Adapa) - the first of the seven
antediluvian sages or Abgallu (in Sumerian Ab=water, Gal=Great,
Lu=man), who wens sent by Ea to deliver the arts of civilization to
mankind in ancient Sumerian mythology, at Eridu, the oldest city of
Sumer."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
177    "Some members of the lost Battalion have been found in the oceans
inhabiting the bodies of dolphins or whales."
Dolphins have long played a role in human culture. Dolphins are common in
Greek mythology and there are many coins from the time which feature a
man or boy riding on the back of a dolphin. The Ancient Greeks treated
them with welcome; a ship spotting dolphins riding in their wake was
considered a good omen for a smooth voyage. Dolphins also seem to have
been important to the Minoans, judging by artistic evidence from the
ruined palace at Knossos. In Hindu mythology, the Ganges River Dolphin is
associated with Ganga, the deity of the Ganges river.
Dolphins are often regarded as one of Earth's most intelligent animals,
though it is hard to say just how intelligent dolphins are, as comparisons of
species' relative intelligence are complicated by differences in sensory
apparatus, response modes, and nature of cognition. Furthermore, the
difficulty and expense of doing experimental work with large aquatics
means that some tests which could yield meaningful results still have not
been carried out, or have been carried out with inadequate sample size and
methodology. Dolphin behavior has been studied extensively by humans
however, both in captivity and in the wild."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
178    "... The Anunnaki..."


--- Page 315 ---
"The Anunnaki are a group of Sumerian and Akkadian deities related to,
and in some cases overlapping with, the Annuna (the 'Fifty Great Gods')
and the Igigi (minor gods),
meaning something to the effect of 'those of royal blood' or 'princely
offspring' or "heaven and earth".
The Annunaki appear in the Babylonian creation myth, Enuma Elish. In the
late version magnifying Marduk, after the creation of mankind, Marduk
divides the Anunnaki and assigns them to their proper stations, three
hundred in heaven, three hundred on the earth. The Anunnaki were the High
Council of the Gods, and Anu's companions. They were distributed through
the Earth and the Underworld."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
179    "... flying on a "Winged-Disc". "
"The winged sun is a symbol associated with divinity, royalty and power in
the Ancient Near East (Egypt, Mesopotamia, Anatolia, and Persia). The
symbol has also been found in the records of ancient cultures residing in
various regions of South America as well as Australia.
In Ancient Egypt, the symbol is attested from the Old Kingdom (Sneferu,
26th century BC), often flanked on either side with a uraeus. In early
Egyptian religion, the symbol Behedeti represented Horus of Edfu, later
identified with Ra-Harachte. It is sometimes depicted on the neck of Apis,
the bull of Ptah. As time passed (according to interpretation) all of
the subordinated gods of Egypt were considered to be aspects of the sun
god, including e.g. Khepri.
From roughly 2000 BC, the symbol spread to the Levant and to
Mesopotamia. It appears in reliefs with Assyrian rulers and in Hieroglyphic
Anatolian as a symbol for royalty, transcribed as literally, "his own self, the
Sun". From ca. the 8th century BC, it appears on Hebrew seals, by now as a
generic symbol for "power". The symbol evolved into the Faravahar (the
"visual aspect of Ahura Mazda") in Zoroastrian Persia."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
180    "... he established a high standard of ethical, and humanitarian
philosophy..."
"Up to the time of the conquest of Media by Cyrus the Great, Median
emperors ruled their conquered territories as provinces, through client
kings and governors. One of the keys to the Achaemenid success (as with
most enduring great empires) was their open attitude to the culture and
religion of the conquered people, so ironically the Persian culture was the


--- Page 316 ---
one most affected as the Great King endeavored to melt elements from all
his subjects into a new imperial style."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
181    "... Teotihuacan..."
"Several authors, including Zecharia Sitchin and Graham Hancock, have
repeated each other’s argument that there are major correspondences
between the pyramids of Gizeh and those of Teotihuacan. The Pyramid of
the Sun is 225m wide and 65 m high, constructed out of five successive
layers of mud. Its ascent is via 242 stairs. The floor plan is rather close
to that of the Pyramid of Khufu at Gizeh. The Pyramid of the Moon is much
smaller: 42 m high and 150 m wide, yet its summit is as high as that of Sun,
because it sits on the site’s highest
point. This feature can also be seen in Gizeh, where Khufu’s and Khafre’s
pyramid reach an equal height, even though one is taller than the other.
The most obvious comparison, however, is that the layout of both the three
pyramids at Gizeh and the three main structures of Teotihuacan represent
the Belt of Orion. The Pyramid of the Moon compares with the smallest
pyramid on the plateau, the Sun Pyramid with Khafre and the Temple of
Quetzalcoatl, which has the largest ground plan, but never was built into a
full pyramid, compares with that of Khufu.
Though there are individual differences, I would suggest that the same
ingredients have been used, answering to the same general ground plan:
to represent the Belt of Orion, which in ancient Egypt was the symbol of
Horus (not Osiris as Adrian Gilbert and Robert Bauval have argued) and
in the Mayan culture was part of the creation mythology. Local
legends stated that the complex was built to transform men into gods. For
sure, an “alien space station" could be an interpretation of that, but it is
clear that the answer needs to be located in the domain of religion.
On May 17, ca. 150 AD, the Pleiades rose just before the Sun in the
predawn skies. This synchronization, known as the heliacal rising of the
Pleiades, only lasted approx. 100 year. It is now suggested that it was this
event that was at the origin of Teotihuacan. The sun and the Pleiades are
important in the religious rituals. The Sun-Pleiades zenith
conjunction marked what is known as the New Fire ceremony.
Bernardino de Sahugun’s Aztec informants stated that the ceremony
occurred at the end of every 52 year Calendar Round. The Aztecs and
their predecessors had carefully observed the Pleiades, and on
the expected night they were supposed to pass through the zenith, precisely
at midnight, when the ceremony was performed."


--- Page 317 ---
-- Reference: http://www.philipcoppens.com/orionimage.html 182 "... al-
Hassan ibn-al-Sabbah...''
"The story is that al-Hassan ibn-al-Sabbah used hashish to enlist the aid
of young men into his private army known as assassins (aschishin - or
follower of Hassan). One of the primary sources for this information
comes from the writings of Marco Polo who visited the area in 1273,
almost 150 years after the reign of Al-Hassan.
There are many conflicting facts and sources for this information.
In the early 11th century, al-Hassan became the head of the Persian sect
of the Ismailians, a rather obscure party of fanatics which gained local
power under his guidance. In 1090, al-Hassan and his followers seized the
castle of Alamut, in the province of Rudbar, which lies in the
mountainous region south of the Caspian Sea. It was from this mountain
home that he obtained evil celebrity among the Crusaders as "the old man
of the mountains", and spread terror through the Mohammedan world.
In the account given by Marco Polo in "The Adventures [or Travels] of
Marco Polo" it is told that "The Old Man kept at his court such boys of
twelve years old as seemed to him destined to become courageous men.
When the Old Man sent them into the garden in groups of four, ten or
twenty, he gave them hashish to drink. They slept for three days, then they
were carried sleeping into the garden where he had them awakened.
"When these young men woke, and found themselves in the garden with
all these marvelous things, they truly believed themselves to be in paradise.
And these damsels were always with them in songs and great
entertainments; they; received everything they asked for, so that they
would never have left that garden of their own will."
-- Reference:
http://www.alamut.com/subj/ideologies/alamut/etymolAss.html
183 "... Knights Templar..."
"The Poor Fellow-Soldiers of Christ and of the Temple of Solomon
commonly known as the Knights Templar were among the most famous of
the Western Christian military orders. The organization existed for
approximately two centuries in the Middle Ages. It was founded in the
aftermath of the First Crusade of 1096 to ensure the safety of the many
Europeans who made the pilgrimage to Jerusalem after its conquest.
Around 1119, two veterans of the First Crusade, the French knight
Hugues de Payens and his relative Godfrey de Saint-Omer, proposed the
creation of a monastic order for the protection of the pilgrims. King


--- Page 318 ---
Baldwin II of Jerusalem agreed to their request, and gave them space for
a headquarters on the Temple Mount, in the captured Al Aqsa Mosque.
The Temple Mount had a mystique, because it was above what was
believed to be the ruins of the Temple of Solomon. The Crusaders
therefore referred to the Al Aqsa Mosque as Solomon's Temple, and it was
from this location that the Order took the name of Poor Knights of Christ
and the Temple of Solomon, or "Templar" knights. The Order, with
about nine knights, had few financial resources and relied on donations to
survive. Their emblem was of two knights riding on a single horse,
emphasizing the Order's poverty.
The Templars' impoverished status did not last long. They had a powerful
advocate in Bernard of Clairvaux, a leading Church figure and a nephew
of one of the founding knights. He spoke and wrote persuasively on their
behalf, and in 1129 at the Council of Troyes, the Order was officially
endorsed by the Church. With this formal blessing, the Templars became a
favored charity across Europe, receiving money, land, businesses, and
noble-born sons from families who were eager to help with the fight in the
Holy Land. Another major benefit came in 1139, when Pope Innocent II's
papal bull Omne Datum Optimum exempted the Order from obedience to
local laws. This ruling meant that the Templars could pass freely through
all borders, were not required to pay any taxes, and were exempt from
all authority except that of the Pope.
With its clear mission and ample resources, the Order grew rapidly.
Templars were often the advance force in key battles of the Crusades, as
the knights on their heavily armed warhorses would set out to gallop full
speed at the enemy, in an attempt to break opposition lines. One of their
most famous victories was in 1177 during the Battle of Montgisard,
where some 500 Templar knights helped to defeat Saladin's army of more
than 26,000 soldiers.
Although the primary mission of the Order was military, relatively few
members were combatants. The others acted in support positions to assist
the knights and to manage the financial infrastructure. The Templar
Order, though its members were sworn to individual poverty, was given
control of wealth beyond direct donations. A nobleman who was interested
in participating in the Crusades might place all his assets under Templar
management while he was away. Accumulating wealth in this manner
across Europe and the Outremer, the Order in 1150 began generating
letters of credit for pilgrims journeying to the Holy Land: pilgrims
deposited their valuables with a local Templar preceptory before
embarking, received an encrypted document indicating the value of their
deposit, then used that document upon arrival in the Holy Land to


--- Page 319 ---
retrieve their funds. This innovative arrangement may have been the first
formal system to support the use of cheques; it improved the safety of
pilgrims by making them less attractive targets for thieves, and also
contributed to the Templar coffers.
Based on this mix of donations and business dealing, the Templar
established financial networks across the whole of Christendom. They
acquired large tracts of land, both in Europe and the Middle East; they
bought and managed farms and vineyards; they built churches and
castles; they were involved in manufacturing, import and export; they had
their own fleet of ships; and at one point they even owned the entire island
of Cyrprus. The Templar arguably qualifies as the world's first
multinational corporation."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
184    " The Knights Templar were disbanded by
King Philip IV of France, who was deeply in debt to
the Order."
"King Philip was already deeply in debt to the Templars from his war with
the English and decided to seize upon the rumors for his own purposes.
He began pressuring the Church to take action against the Order, as a
way of freeing himself from his debts.
On Friday October 13, 1307 (a date linked with the origin of the Friday
the 13th superstition), Philip ordered de Molay and scores of other French
Templars to be simultaneously arrested. The Templars were charged with
numerous heresies and tortured to extract false confessions of blasphemy.
The confessions, despite having been obtained under duress, caused a
scandal in Paris. After more bullying from Philip, Pope Clement
then issued the bull Pastoralis Praeeminentiae on November 22, 1307,
which instructed all Christian monarchs in Europe to arrest all Templars
and seize their assets.
Pope Clement called for papal hearings to determine the Templars' guilt
or innocence, and once freed of the Inquisitors' torture, many Templars
recanted their confessions. Some had sufficient legal experience to defend
themselves in the trials, but in 1310 Philip blocked this attempt, using the
previously forced confessions to have dozens of Templars burned at
the stake in Paris.
With the last of the Order's leaders gone, the remaining Templars around
Europe were either arrested and tried under the Papal investigation (with


--- Page 320 ---
virtually none convicted), absorbed into other military orders such as the
Knights Hospitaller, or pensioned and allowed to live out their days
peacefully. Some may have fled to other territories outside Papal control,
such as excommunicated Scotland or to Switzerland.
It is estimated that at the Order's peak there were between 15,000 and
20,000 Templars, of whom about a tenth were actual knights."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
1
  The symbolism of the tree is mentioned in the 135th hymn of the 10th book
of Rig-Veda, and in the 15th chapter of Bhagavad-gita (1-4).
•    In the Japanese religion of Shinto, trees were marked with sacred
paper symbolizing lightning bolts, as trees were thought to be sacred. This
was


--- Page 321 ---
185    "The Templars fled to Switzerland where they
established an international
banking system..." "Banking in Switzerland is
characterized by stability, privacy and protection of
clients' assets and information. The country's tradition
of bank secrecy, which dates to the Middle Ages.
According to the CIA World Factbook, Switzerland is "a major
international financial centre vulnerable to the layering and integration
stages of money laundering; despite significant legislation and reporting
requirements, secrecy rules persist and nonresidents are permitted to
conduct business through offshore entities and various intermediaries..."
In 1998, an international panel of historians released a study that claimed
a significant amount of gold had been stolen from Holocaust victims, as
well as the treasuries of conquered countries, and deposited in the Swiss
National Bank. The panel found that, despite evidence of theft and
wrongful acquisition of the gold, the SNB continued to accept the deposits.
In 2000, a United States District Court judge approved a US$1.85
billion settlement between several Swiss banks and Holocaust victims."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
186 "A primary influence of "Old Empire" operatives is on international
bankers..."
EDITOR'S NOTE: The most famous example of this kind of activity is the
"Bilderberg Conference". See the following reference to this organization
from Wikipedia.org:
"The Bilderberg Group or Bilderberg conference is an unofficial annual
invitation-only conference of around 130 guests, most of whom are
persons of influence in the fields of business, media and politics.
The elite group meets annually at luxury hotels or resorts throughout the
world — normally in Europe — and once every four years in the United
States or Canada. It has an office in Leiden, South Holland, Netherlands.
The 2007 conference took place from May 31 to June 3 at the Ritz-Carlton
Hotel in Istanbul, Turkey.
Attendees of Bilderberg include central bankers, defense experts, mass
media press barons, government ministers, prime ministers, royalty,
international financiers and political leaders from Europe and North


--- Page 322 ---
America.
Some of the Western world's leading financiers and foreign policy
strategists attend Bilderberg. Donald Rumsfeld is an active Bilderberger,
as is Peter Sutherland from Ireland, a former European Union
commissioner and chairman of Goldman Sachs and of British Petroleum.
Rumsfeld and Sutherland served together in 2000 on the board of
the Swedish/Swiss engineering company ABB. Former U. S. Deputy
Defense Secretary and former World Bank head Paul Wolfowitz is also a
member. The group's current chairman is Etienne Davignon, the Belgian
businessman and politician.
Critics say the Bilderberg Group promotes the careers of politicians whose
views are representative of the interests of multinational corporations, at
the expense of democracy.
The group's secrecy and its connections to power elites has provided
fodder for many who believe that the group is part of a conspiracy to
create a New World Order.
Radio host Alex Jones promotes the theory that the group intends to dissolve
the sovereignty of the United States and other countries into a supra-
national structure similar to the European Union. Madrid-based author
Daniel Estulin claims that the long-term purpose of Bilderberg is to "Build a
One-World Empire". He states the group "is not the end but the means to a
future One World Government". Another opponent of the group, Tony
Gosling, has registered the domain name Bilderberg.org, largely hosting
material critical of Bilderberg.
Reporter Jonathan Duffy, writing in BBC News Online Magazine states "In
the void created by such aloofness, an extraordinary conspiracy theory has
grown up around the group that alleges the fate of the world is largely
decided by Bilderberg."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
187 " A primary influence of "Old Empire" operatives on international
bankers is to act as an unseen, non-combatant provocateur who covertly
promote and finance weapons and warfare..."
(EDITOR'S NOTE: An excellent modern example of this activity has been
documented in the World War II financing of Nazis by (Prescott Bush,
Director of Union Banking Corp.) the patriarch of President George Bush
and his son, President George W.
Bush.:


--- Page 323 ---
"On October 20, 1942, the U.S. government ordered the seizure of Nazi
German banking operations in New York City that were being conducted by
Prescott Bush, the father of former president George Herbert Walker Bush.
Harriman Bank was the main Wall Street connection for several German
companies and the varied U.S. financial interests of Fritz Thyssen. Thyssen
had been an early financial backer of the Nazi party until 1938, but by 1939
had fled Germany and was bitterly denouncing Hitler. He was later jailed
by the Nazis for his opposition to the regime. Business transactions with
Germany were not illegal when Hitler declared war on the United States
on December 11, 1941, but, six days after the attack on Pearl Harbor,
President Franklin Delano Roosevelt signed the Trading With the Enemy
Act after it had been made public that U.S. companies were doing business
with the declared enemy of the United States.
On October 20, 1942, the U.S. government ordered the seizure of German
banking operations in New York City. Roosevelt's Alien Property Custodian,
Leo T. Crowley, signed Vesting Order Number 248 seizing Bush's property
under the Trading with the Enemy Act. The order cited only the Union
Banking Corporation (UBC), of which Bush was a director and held one
share, which had connections with a Dutch bank owned by Thyssen.
Fox News has reported that recently declassified material reveals that the
4,000 Union Banking shares owned by the Dutch bank were registered in
the names of the seven U.S. directors, according to a document signed by
Homer Jones, chief of the division of investigation and research of the
Office of Alien Property Custodian, a World War II-era agency. By 1941
Thyssen no longer had control over his banking empire, which was in
the hands of the Nazi government. 1
•    Harold D. Pennington - 1 share (Employed by Prescott Bush at Brown
Brothers Harriman)
•    Ray Morris - 1 share (a business partner of the Bush and Harriman
families)
•    Prescott S. Bush - 1 share (director of UBC, which was co-founded
and sponsored by his father-in-law George Walker; senior managing
partner for E. Roland Harriman and Averell Harriman)
•    H.J. Kouwenhoven - 1 share (organized UBC for Von Thyssen, managed
UBC in Nazi occupied Netherlands)
•    Johann G. Groeninger- 1 share (German Industrial Executive, a not
unimportant member of the Nazi party)
Both E. Roland Harriman and Prescott Bush were members of Skull and
Bones as well as being members of the board of Brown Brothers Harriman


--- Page 324 ---
& Co..
The Harriman business interests seized under the act in October and
November 1942 included:
•    Union Banking Corporation (UBC) (for Thyssen and Brown Brothers
Harriman). The President of UBC at that time was George Herbert Walker,
Bush's father-in-law.
•    Dutch-American Trading Corporation (with Harriman)
•    the Seamless Steel Equipment Corporation (with Harriman)
•    Silesian-American Corporation (this company was partially owned by a
German entity; during the war the Germans tried to take full control of
Silesian-American. In response to that, the American government seized
German owned minority shares in the company, leaving the U.S. partners to
carry on the business.)
The assets were held by the government for the duration of the war, then
returned afterward. UBC was dissolved in 1951. Bush was on the board of
directors of UBC and held one share in the company. For it, he was
reimbursed $1,500,000.(a huge amount of money at the time - but there is
no documentary evidence to support this claim) These supposed assets
were later used to launch Bush family investments in the Texas energy
industry.
Toby Rogers has claimed that Bush's connections to Silesian businesses
(with Thyssen and Flick) make him complicit with the mining operations in
Nazi-occupied Poland which used slave labor out of Oswiqcim, where the
Auschwitz concentration camp was later constructed.
The New York Herald-Tribune referred to Thyssen as "Hitler's Angel"
and mentioned Bush as an employee of the investment banking firm
Thyssen used in the United States. Some records in the National Archives,
including the Harriman papers, document the continued relationship of
Brown Brothers Harriman with Thyssen and some of his German
investments up until his 1951 death. Investigator John Loftus has said, "As
a former federal prosecutor, I would make a case for Prescott Bush, his
father-in-law (George Walker) and Averell Harriman [to be prosecuted]
for giving aid and comfort to the enemy. They remained on the boards of
these companies knowing that they were of financial benefit to the nation
of Germany."
Two former slave laborers from Poland have filed suit in London against
the government of the United States and the heirs of Prescott Bush in the
amount of $40 billion. A class-action lawsuit filed in the U.S. in 2001 was
dismissed based on the principle of state sovereignty.


--- Page 325 ---
Prescott Bush connection to the Merchants of Death industry came from
his father Samuel P. Bush who worked for Buckeye Steel Castings
Company which manufactured railway parts for the railroad industry and
barrels for guns and casings for shells for Remington Arms."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
There are also many well documented books which
detail the relationship between Swiss Banks the Nazi
war machine:
Germany and the Second World War: Volume VI: The Global War
(Germany and the Second World War by Horst Boog, Werner Rahn, and
Reinhard Stumpf
The complicity of the Swiss banks and government in funding the Nazi
regime was known at the end of World War II. Read the details on the
following website: http://www.religioustolerance.org/holo_apol.htm
"The Secret War Against the Jews, Unholy Trinity (By Mark Aarons, John
Loftus) tells one of the darkest tales of World War II. After the war had
ended, fearing a surge of Soviet growth, the Papacy entered into an
espionage alliance with British and American intelligence agents.
Subsuming justice to the nascent Cold War ideology, these three powers
ferreted Nazi criminals out of Europe so that they could be used in the
supposedly greater fight against Communism. The Vatica's Nazi
smuggling network was penetrated by Prince Anton Turkul, the great
Soviet double agent who turned the operations into a sting for his
masters in the Kremlin. Unholy Trinity exposes Turkul's "Red Nazi"
operation for the first time and shows how Kim Philby, the infamous
British-Soviet double agent, and his network were nearly sacrificed to
preserve Turkul's Vatican operation. Exploring the Vatican's role in
aiding Nazi criminals to escape punishment for their crimes, this book,
originally published in 1991, first revealed the Vatican--Swiss bank
connection to Nazi gold and documented the hidden links to Western
investors in Nazi Germany. Since 1991, major revelations about the role
of Swiss banks have confirmed Unholy Trinity's expose of the flight of the
Nazi's stolen treasures; the new introduction and new final chapters,
written by Aarons and Loftus for this edition, bring the book completely
up to date and show how the media have missed the vital Vatican
connection in the Swiss-bank story. Among other things, the authors
demonstrate that U.S. and British code-breakers were fully aware of the
Holocaust as early as 1941 but lied to the Western press; that the code-


--- Page 326 ---
breakers bugged the Swiss banks and then buried secrets of Nazi gold
transfers to protect U.S. intelligence chief Allen Dulles; and that
the Australian, British, and Canadian governments are still waging a
campaign to keep their citizens ignorant about the Nazi war criminals
living among them. Covers all these topics and more, Unholy Trinity is the
definitive history of a series of profoundly disturbing cover-ups involving
the Holy See, Allen Dulles, the Swiss banks, and the remnants of the
Third Reich."
-- Reference:
http://books.google.com/books?
id=HXxew8zc1GQC&vq=secret+war+funding,+Swiss+Banks
&source=gbs_summary_s&cad=0
Otto Nathan (1893-1987) was an economist who taught at Princeton
University (1933-35), New York University (1935-42), Vassar College
(1942-44), and Howard University (194652). Dr. Nathan was a close
friend of Albert Einstein for many years and was designated by Einstein as
co-trustee of his literary estate with Helen Dukas. Otto Nathan was the
author of the following books which detail the Swiss Banks involvement in
WW II:
Nazi War Finance and Banking Our Economy in War. Cambridge,
Massachusetts: National Bureau of Economic Research, 1944. Paperback:
ASIN B000J0VXBG.
The Nazi Economic System: Germany's Mobilization for War. New
York: Russell & Russell, 1971. Hardcover textbook: ISBN 0-846-21501-2,
ISBN 978-0-84621-501-1"
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
1
  E. Roland Harriman - 3991 shares (managed and under voting control
of Prescott Bush)
•    Cornelis Lievense - 4 shares (He was the New York banker of the Nazi
Party)


--- Page 327 ---
188    "...Bloodletting..."
"Bloodletting is one of the oldest medical practices, having been practiced
among diverse ancient peoples, including the Mesopotamians, the
Egyptians, the Greeks, the Mayans, and the Aztecs. In Greece, bloodletting
was in use around the time of Hippocrates, who mentions bloodletting but in
general relied on dietary techniques. Erasistratus, however, theorized
that many diseases were caused by plethoras, or overabundances, in the
blood, and advised that these plethoras be treated, initially, by exercise,
sweating, reduced food intake, and vomiting. Herophilus advocated
bloodletting. Archagathus, one of the first Greek physicians to practice in
Rome, practiced bloodletting extensively and gained a most
sanguinary reputation.
The popularity of bloodletting in Greece was reinforced by the ideas of
Galen, after he discovered the veins and arteries were filled with blood, not
air as was commonly believed at the time. There were two key concepts in
his system of bloodletting. The first was that blood was created and then
used up, it did not circulate and so it could 'stagnate' in the extremities. The
second was that humoral balance was the basis of illness or health, the
four humours being blood, phlegm, black bile, and yellow bile, relating to
the four Greek classical elements of air, water, earth and fire. Galen
believed that blood was the dominant humour and the one in most need of
control. In order to balance the humours, a physician would either remove
'excess' blood (plethora) from the patient or give them an emetic to
induce vomiting, or a diuretic to induce urination.
Bloodletting was especially popular in the young United States of America,
where Benjamin Rush (a signatory of the Declaration of Independence) saw
the state of the arteries as the key to disease, recommending levels of blood-
letting that were high, even for the time. George Washington was treated in
this manner following a horseback riding accident: almost 4 pounds (1.7
litres) of blood was withdrawn, contributing to his death by throat infection
in 1799."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 328 ---
189    "... you will find "evolution"
mentioned in the ancient Vedic Hymns..."
"The Vedas are very exhaustive scriptures. Each Veda contains several
sections and thousands of hymns. Some of the Vedic hymns, especially the
hymns of the Rig Veda, are considered to be at least 6000-8000 years old.
The Vedas are believed to be revealed scriptures, because they are
considered to be divine in origin. Since they were not written by any human
beings but were only heard in deep meditative states, they are commonly
referred as srutis or those that were heard."
-- Reference: http://www.hinduwebsite.com/vedicsection/vedichymns.asp
"The Vedas (Sanskrit veda ^5 "knowledge") are a large corpus of texts
originating in Ancient India. They form the oldest layer of Sanskrit
literature and the oldest sacred texts of Hinduism. According to Hindu
tradition, the Vedas are "not human compositions", being supposed to
have been directly revealed, and thus are called sruti ("what is heard").
Vedic mantras are recited at Hindu prayers, religious functions and other
auspicious occasions.
Philosophies and sects that developed in the Indian subcontinent have
taken differing positions on the Vedas. Schools of Indian philosophy
which cite the Vedas as their scriptural authority are classified as
"orthodox" (astika). Other traditions, notably Buddhism and Jainism,
though they are (like the vedanta) similarly concerned with liberation did
not regard the Vedas as divine ordinances but rather human expositions
of the sphere of higher spiritual knowledge, hence not sacrosanct."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
190 "... the IS-BE who wrote a fictitious story one dark and stormy night..."
Frankenstein: or, The Modern Prometheus is a novel written by the British
author Mary Shelley. Shelley wrote the novel when she was 18 years old.
The first edition was published anonymously in London in 1818. Shelley's
name appears on the revised third edition, published in 1831. The title of the
novel refers to a scientist, Victor Frankenstein, who learns how to create life
and creates a being in the likeness of man, but larger than average and more
powerful.
The story has had an influence across literature and popular culture and
spawned a complete genre of horror stories and films. It is arguably


--- Page 329 ---
considered the first fully realized science fiction novel. The novel raises
many issues that can be linked to today's society.
During the rainy summer of 1816, the "Year Without a Summer," the world
was locked in a long cold volcanic winter caused by the eruption of Mount T
ambora in 1815. Mary Wollstonecraft Godwin, age 19, and her lover (and
later husband) Percy Bysshe Shelley, visited Lord Byron at the Villa Diodati
by Lake Geneva in Switzerland. The weather was consistently too cold and
dreary that summer to enjoy the outdoor holiday activities they had planned,
so the group retired indoors until almost dawn talking about science and
the supernatural. After reading Fantasmagoriana, an anthology of German
ghost stories, they challenged one another to each compose a story of their
own, the contest being won by whoever wrote the scariest tale.
Mary conceived an idea after she fell into a waking dream or nightmare
during which she saw "the pale student of unhallowed arts kneeling beside
the thing he had put together." Byron managed to write just a fragment
based on the vampire legends he heard while travelling the Balkans, and
from this Polidori created The Vampyre (1819), the progenitor of the
romantic vampire literary genre. Two legendary horror tales originated
from this one circumstance.
Radu Florescu, in his book In Search of Frankenstein, argued that Mary
and Percy Shelley visited Castle Frankenstein on their way to Switzerland,
near Darmstadt along the Rhine, where a notorious alchemist named Konrad
Dippel had experimented with human bodies."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
191    "...Grimm's Fairy Tales..."
"The world famous collection of German origin fairy tales Kinder- und
Hausmarchen (KHM; English: Children's and Household Tales),
commonly known as Grimm's Fairy Tales, was first published in 1812 by
Jacob and Wilhelm Grimm, the Brothers Grimm. The brothers developed
an interest in ancient fairy tales. They started to collect and write down
tales that they alleged had been handed down for generations. On
December 20, 1812 they published the first volume of the first edition,
containing 86 stories; the second volume of 70 stories followed in 1814.
The first volumes were much criticized because, although they were called
"Children's Tales", they were not regarded as suitable for children, both
for the scholarly information included and the subject matter. Many
changes through the editions—such as turning the wicked mother of the


--- Page 330 ---
first edition in Snow White and Hansel and Gretel to a stepmother, were
probably made with an eye to such suitability. They removed sexual
references, such as Rapunzel's betraying the prince by asking why her
clothing no longer fit, and so revealing her pregnancy, but in many
respects, violence, particularly when punishing villains, was increased.
The influence of these books was widespread. It ranks behind only the
Bible and the works of William Shakespeare in sales. W. H. Auden praised
it, during World War II, as one of the founding works of Western culture.
The tales themselves have been put to many uses. The Nazis praised them
as folkish tales showing children with sound racial instincts
seeking racially pure marriage partners, and so strongly that the Allied
forces warned against them. Writers about the Holocaust have combined
the tales with their memoirs."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
192    "...Hinduism..."
"Hinduism is often referred to as Sanatana Dharma, a Sanskrit phrase
meaning "the eternal path" or "the eternal law".
Hinduism is the world's oldest major religion that is still practiced. Its
earliest origins can be traced to the ancient Vedic civilization. A
conglomerate of diverse beliefs and traditions, Hinduism has no single
founder. It is the world's third largest religion following Christianity and
Islam, with approximately a billion adherents, of whom about 905 million
live in India and Nepal.
Hinduism is an extremely diverse religion. Although some tenets of the
faith are accepted by most Hindus, scholars have found it difficult to
identify any doctrines with universal acceptance among all
denominations. Prominent themes in Hindu beliefs include
Dharma (ethics/duties), Samsara (The continuing cycle of birth, life, death
and rebirth), Karma (action and subsequent reaction), Moksha (liberation
from samsara), and the various Yogas (paths or practices).
Hinduism is a diverse system of thought with beliefs spanning
monotheism, polytheism, panentheism, pantheism, monism and atheism.
It is sometimes referred to as henotheistic (devotion to a single God while
accepting the existence of other gods), but any such term is an
oversimplification of the complexities and variations of belief.
Most Hindus believe that the spirit or soul—the true "self of every person,
called the atman—is eternal."


--- Page 331 ---
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
193    "... Arcadia Regeneration Company".
"One of the birthplaces reported for Zeus is Mount Lycaeum in Arcadia.
Lycaon, a cannibalistic Pelasgian king, was transformed into a werewolf by
Zeus. Lycaon's daughter was Callisto. It was also said to have been the
birthplace of Zeus' son, Hermes.
Arcadia remained a rustic, secluded area, and its inhabitants became
proverbial as primitive herdsmen leading simple pastoral unsophisticated
yet happy lives, to the point that Arcadia may refer to some imaginary
idyllic paradise.
The Latin phrase Et in Arcadia ego which is usually interpreted to mean "I
am also in Arcadia" or "I am even in Arcadia" is an example of memento
mori, a cautionary reminder of the transitory nature of life and the
inevitability of death. The phrase is most often associated with a 1647
painting by Nicolas Poussin, also known as "The Arcadian Shepherds". In
the painting the phrase appears as an inscription on a tomb discovered by
youthful figures in classical garb. It has been suggested that the phrase is
an anagram for the Latin phrase "I! Tego arcana Dei", which translates to
"Begone! I keep God's secrets."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
194    "... the majority of basic genetic material is common to all species..."
"The Genetic Core of the Universal Ancestor
J. Kirk Harris, Scott T. Kelley,1 George B. Spiegelman,3 and Norman R.
Pace1
1 Department of Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Biology, University
of Colorado, Boulder, Colorado 80309-0347, USA;2 Graduate Group in
Microbiology, University of California, Berkeley, Berkeley, California
94720, USA;3 Department of Microbiology and Immunology, University of
British Columbia, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada V6T 1Z3
Molecular analysis of conserved sequences in the ribosomal RNAs of
modern organisms reveals a three-domain phylogeny that converges in a
universal ancestor for all life.
We used the Clusters of Orthologous Groups database and information from
published genomes to search for other universally conserved genes that
have the same phylogenetic pattern as ribosomal RNA, and therefore
constitute the ancestral genetic core of cells.


--- Page 332 ---
Our analyses identified a small set of genes that can be traced back to the
universal ancestor and have coevolved since that time.
As indicated by earlier studies, almost all of these genes are involved with
the transfer of genetic information, and most of them directly interact with
the ribosome. Other universal genes have either undergone lateral transfer
in the past, or have diverged so much in sequence that their distant past
could not be resolved. The nature of the conserved genes suggests
innovations that may have been essential to the divergence of the
three domains of life. The analysis also identified several genes of unknown
function with
phylogenies that track with the ribosomal RNA genes. The products of
these genes are likely to play fundamental roles in cellular processes."
-- Reference: http://www.genome.org/cgi/content/abstract/GR-6528v1?etoc
195    "... biological engineers..."
"Biomedical engineering is an application of engineering principles and
design to challenges in human health and medicine. Bioengineering is
related to Biological Engineering, the latter including applications of
engineering principles to the full spectrum of living systems, from
microbes and plants to ecosystems. Bioengineering exploits
new developments in molecular biology, biochemistry, microbiology, and
neurosciences as well as sensing, electronics, and imaging, and applies
them to the design of medical devices, diagnostic equipment,
biocompatible materials, and other important medical needs.
Bioengineering couples engineering expertise with knowledge in
biological sciences such as genetics, molecular biology, protein chemistry,
cytology, neurobiology, immunology, physiology, and pharmacology.
Bioengineers work closely with, but are not limited to, medical doctors and
other health professionals to develop technical solutions to current
and emerging health concerns.
Bioengineering is not limited to the medical field. Bioengineers have the
ability to exploit new opportunities and solve problems within the domain
of complex systems. They have a great understanding of living systems as
complex systems which can be applied to many fields including
entrepreneurship."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 333 ---
196    "... Imperfections were worked out,
modifications made and eventually the new animal
was introduced into the actual planetary environment
for final testing. "
"The basic ideals of Eugenics can be found from the beginnings of
Western civilization. The philosophy was most famously expounded by
Plato, who believed human reproduction should be monitored and
controlled by the state. The basic eugenic principle from Plato’s The
Republic was, “The best men must have intercourse with the best women
as frequently as possible, and the opposite is true of the very inferior.
However, Plato understood this form of government control would not be
readily accepted, and proposed the truth be concealed from the public via
a fixed lottery. Mates, in Plato’s Republic, would be chosen by a
“marriage number” in which the quality of the individual would be
quantitatively analyzed, and persons of high numbers would be allowed
to procreate with other persons of high numbers. In theory, this would
lead to predictable results and the improvement of the human race.
However, Plato acknowledged the failure of the “marriage number” since
“gold soul” persons could still produce “bronze soul” children. This might
have been one of the earliest attempts to mathematically analyze
genetic inheritance, which was not perfected until the development of
Mendelian genetics and the mapping of the human genome.
Other ancient civilizations, such as Rome and Sparta, practiced
infanticide as a form of phenotypic selection. In Sparta, newborns were
inspected by the city's elders, who decided the fate of the infant. If the
child was deemed incapable of living, it was usually thrown from the
Taygetus mountain. It was more common for girls than boys to be killed
this way. Trials for babies which included bathing them in wine and
exposing them to the elements. To Sparta, this would ensure only the
strongest survived and procreated. Adolf Hitler considered Sparta to be the
first "Volkisch State," and much like Ernst Haeckel before him, praised
Sparta due to its primitive form of eugenics practice of selective infanticide
policy which was applied on deformed children.
The 12 Tables of Roman Law, established early in the formation of the
Roman Republic, stated in the fourth table that deformed children would be
put to death. In addition, patriarchs in Roman society were given the right
to "discard" infants at their discretion. This was often done by drowning
undesired newborns in the Tiber River.


--- Page 334 ---
Sir Francis Galton initially developed the ideas of eugenics using social
statistics. Sir Francis Galton systematized these ideas and practices
according to new knowledge about the evolution of man and animals
provided by the theory of his cousin Charles Darwin during the 1860s and
1870s. After reading Darwin's Origin of Species, Galton built upon
Darwin's ideas whereby the mechanisms of natural selection were
potentially thwarted by human civilization. He reasoned that, since many
human societies sought to protect the underprivileged and weak, those
societies were at odds with the natural selection responsible for extinction of
the weakest; and only by changing these social policies could society be
saved from a "reversion towards mediocrity," a phrase he first coined in
statistics and which later changed to the now common "regression towards
the mean."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
197 ■■    ■■
"...species..."
"In biology, a species is one of the basic units of biological classification
and a taxonomic rank. A species is often defined as a group of organisms
capable of interbreeding and producing fertile offspring. While in many
cases this definition is adequate, more precise or differing measures are
often used, such as based on similarity of DNA or morphology. Presence of
specific locally-adapted traits may further subdivide species into subspecies.
The commonly used names for plant and animal taxa sometimes correspond
to species: for example, "lion," "walrus," and "Camphor tree," each refers
to a species. In other cases common names do not: for example, "deer"
refers to a family of 34 species, including Eld's Deer, Red Deer and Wapiti
(Elk). The last two species were once considered a single species,
illustrating how species boundaries may change with increased
scientific knowledge.
Each species is placed within a single genus. This is a hypothesis that the
species is more closely related to other species within its genus than to
species of other genera. All species are given a binomial name consisting of
the generic name and specific name (or specific epithet). For example,
Pinus palustris (commonly known as the Longleaf Pine).
A usable definition of the word "species" and reliable methods of identifying
particular species are essential for stating and testing biological theories
and for measuring biodiversity. Traditionally, multiple examples of a
proposed species must be studied for unifying characters before it can be
regarded as a species. Extinct species known only from fossils are generally
difficult to give precise taxonomic rankings to. A species which has been


--- Page 335 ---
described scientifically can be referred to by its binomial names.
Nevertheless, as Charles Darwin remarked,
'I look at the term species as one arbitrarily given for the sake of
convenience to a set of individuals closely resembling each other.... it does
not essentially differ from the term variety, which is given to less distinct
and more fluctuating forms. The term variety, again in comparison with
mere individual difference, is also applied arbitrarily, and for mere
convenience sake.'
Because of the difficulties with both defining and tallying the total
numbers of different species in the world, it is estimated that there are
anywhere between 2 million and 100 million different species."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
198    "...species of beetle..."
"Beetles are a group of insects which have the largest number of species.
They are placed in the order Coleoptera, which means "sheathed wing"
and contains more described species than in any other order in the animal
kingdom, constituting about twenty-five percent of all known life-forms.
Forty percent of all described insect species are beetles (about
350,000 species), and new species are frequently discovered. Estimates put
the total number of species, described and undescribed, at between 5 and 8
million.
Beetles can be found in almost all habitats, but are not known to occur in
the sea or in the polar regions. They interact with their ecosystems in
several ways. They often feed on plants and fungi, break down animal and
plant debris, and eat other invertebrates. Some species are prey of various
animals including birds and mammals. Certain species are
agricultural pests, such as the Colorado potato beetle Leptinotarsa
decemlineata, the boll weevil Anthonomus grandis, the red flour beetle
Tribolium castaneum, and the mungbean or cowpea beetle
Callosobruchus maculatus, while other species of beetles are
important controls of agricultural pests. For example, coccinellidae
("ladybirds" or "ladybugs") consume aphids, scale insects, thrips, and
other plant-sucking insects that damage crops."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
199    "One species does not evolve to become another
species, as the Earth textbooks indicate, without the


--- Page 336 ---
intervention and manipulation of genetic material by
an IS-BE."
"Genetic engineering, recombinant DNA technology, genetic modification
/ manipulation (GM) and gene splicing are terms applied to the direct
manipulation of an organism's genes. Genetic engineering is not to be
confused with traditional breeding where the organism's genes are
manipulated indirectly. Genetic engineering uses the techniques
of molecular cloning and transformation. Genetic engineering endeavors
have found some success in improving crop technology, the manufacture
of synthetic human insulin through the use of modified bacteria, the
manufacture of erythropoietin in Chinese hamster ovary cells, and the
production of new types of experimental mice such as the oncomouse
(cancer mouse) for research.
Since a protein sequence is specified by a segment of DNA called a gene,
novel versions of that protein can be produced by changing the DNA
sequence of the gene. The companies that own the modified genome are
able to patent it. In the case of basic crops, the companies gain control of
foodstuffs, controlling food production on a large scale and reducing
agrobidiversity to a few varieties. The only apparent interest in promoting
this tecnology appears to be purely economic, despite the claims of seed
companies such as
Monsanto and Novartis to solve the world food scarcity. It is now popularly
understood that it is not the lack of food on a wholewide scale that is the
main problem, but its distribution, aggravated by prohibitive tariffs by rich
nations. Genetically modified crops do not reduce hunger. The majority of
genetically crops are destined for animal food to meet the high demand for
meat in developed countries. No genetic modification have yet to serve
the needs of mankind despite all the promises in this direction.
However, even with regard to this technology's great potential, some people
have raised concerns about the introduction of genetically engineered plants
and animals into the environment and the potential dangers of human
consumption of GM foods. They say that these organisms have the potential
to spread their modified genes into native populations thereby disrupting
natural ecosystems. This has already happened."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 337 ---
200    "...genetic manipulation of a
species..."
"How much genetic variation is there? Historical debate: Classical school
held that there was very little genetic variation, most individuals were
homozygous for a "wild-type" allele. Rare heterozygous loci due to
recurrent mutation; natural selection purges populations of their “load" of
mutations. Balance school held that many loci will be heterozygous in
natural populations and heterozygotes maintained by "balancing selection"
(heterozygote advantage). Selection thus plays a role in maintaining
variation.
How do we measure variation? To show that there is a genetic basis to a
continuously varying character one can study 1) resemblance among
relatives: look at the offspring of individuals from parents in different parts
of the distribution; can estimate heritability (more later). 2) artificial
selection: pigeons and dogs show that there is variation present; does not
tell how much variation."
-- Reference:
http://biomed.brown.edU/Courses/BIO48/5.Geno.Pheno.HTML


--- Page 338 ---
201    "... Proteobacteria...''
"The Proteobacteria are a major group (phylum) of bacteria. They include a
wide variety of pathogens, such as Escherichia, Salmonella, Vibrio,
Helicobacter, and many other notable genera. Others are free-living, and
include many of the bacteria responsible for nitrogen fixation. The group is
defined primarily in terms of ribosomal RNA (rRNA) sequences, and
is named for the Greek god Proteus (also the name of a bacterial genus
within the Proteobacteria), who could change his shape, because of the
great diversity of forms found in this group.
All Proteobacteria are Gram-negative, with an outer membrane mainly
composed of lipopolysaccharides. Many move about using flagella, but
some are non-motile or rely on bacterial gliding. The last include the
myxobacteria, a unique group of bacteria that can aggregate to form
multicellular fruiting bodies. There is also a wide variety in the types
of metabolism. Most members are facultatively or obligately anaerobic and
heterotrophic, but there are numerous exceptions. A variety of genera,
which are not closely related to each other, convert energy from light
through photosynthesis. These are called purple bacteria, referring to their
mostly reddish pigmentation."
202    "...Phylum..."
"In biological taxonomy, a 'phylum' is a taxonomic rank at the level
below Class and above Kingdom. "Phylum" is adopted from the Greek
q>uAa^ phylai, the clan-based voting groups in Greek city-states."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
203    "...intensely hot blue star..."
"Blue stars are very hot and very luminous; in fact, most of their output is
in the ultraviolet range. These are the rarest of all main sequence stars,
constituting as few as 1 in 3,000,000 in the solar neighborhood. (Blue)
stars shine with a power over a million times our Sun's output. Examples:
Zeta Orionis, Zeta Puppis, Lambda Orionis, Delta Orionis"..
Reference: Wikipedia.org
204    "... responsible for coordinating creature production..."
Editor"s Note: For detailed information on the organization that controls the
World Congress of the Biotechnology Industry, visit their website at
http://www.bio.org .


--- Page 339 ---
Here is a statement from their website about who they are and what they do:
"BIO is the world's largest biotechnology organization, providing
advocacy, business development and communications services for more
than 1,150 members worldwide. Our mission is to be the champion of
biotechnology and the advocate for our member organizations—both
large and small.
BIO members are involved in the research and development of innovative
healthcare, agricultural, industrial and environmental biotechnology
technologies. Corporate members range from entrepreneurial companies
developing a first product to Fortune 100 multinationals. We also represent
state and regional biotech associations, service providers to the industry
and academic centers. Visit the BIO Member Directory to browse BIO
members and Web site links as well as BIO state and international
affiliates. "
-- Reference: http://bio.org/aboutbio/
205    "... patent licenses for the biological engineering process ..."
"A biological patent is a patent relating to an invention or discovery in
biology.
The 1970’s marked the first time when scientists patented methods on
their biotechnological inventions with recombinant DNA. It wasn’t until
1980 that patents for whole-scale living organisms was permitted. In
Diamond v. Chakrabarty, the Supreme Court overturned a previous
precedent allowing the patentability of living matter. The subject for
this particular case was a bacterium that was specifically modified to help
clean-up and degrade oil spills.
Since legal changes have occurred starting in 1980, there has been a
general trend of patenting inventions on living matter. More knowledge
and data has become available in recent years that have never before been
available. However, for us to get to the point where it is making a
significant difference in peoples’ lives, a tidy sum of money needs to
be invested. Biotech and pharmaceutical companies in recent years have
found out how lucrative biological research can be. These firms foster
many research opportunities by funding made possible only through the
private sector.
Patents have provided an impetus for research to be pursued in that the
end goal of money can be envisioned by companies with the funding cash.
Especially during the genomic era, more patents were issued. Companies
and organizations like the University of California were patenting whole
genomes.


--- Page 340 ---
In 1998, the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (PTO) issued a broad
patent claiming primate (including human) embryonic stem cells, entitled
"Primate Embryonic Stem Cells" (Patent 5,843,780). On 13 March 2001,
a second patent (6,200,806) was issued with the same title but focused on
human embryonic stem cells.
Recently, there has been a slowdown and backlash against patenting
biological material worldwide.
Some feel that the increase in patenting biological information leads to
inefficiency in research. Many scientists are coming up against patent
thickets, which are masses of information that they must obtain
permission (and often pay large fees to utilize) before they can ever work
with the information.
Michael Heller and Rebecca Eisenberg (2005) explain that there is a
recent trend of patenting more and more steps along the research path.
This creates a "tragedy of the anticommons," whereby "each upstream
patent allows its owner to set up another tollbooth on the road to product
development, adding to the cost and slowing the pace of downstream ...
innovation". A report shows that notwithstanding escalating funding, in
the past halfdecade biomedical innovation has slowed markedly. The
number of drugs approved by the Food and Drug Administration has
fallen below previous eras. The technologies approved, it continues, are
less influential than previous innovations approved. The current trend
of patenting what previously were thought of as basic science insights
have raised the financial bar for other scientists wanting to use such
insight. The overall trend of more patents may be slowing innovation.
However, others point out that patents are necessary for research. Without
them, scientists would keep secret all discoveries for fear of colleagues and
others stealing their ideas. There would also be little incentive for large-
scale investments from the private sector.
Reference: Wikipedia.org
206 "..."cyclical stimulus-response generators".
"Fixed Action Pattern (FAP) is an instinctive behavioral sequence that is
indivisible and runs to completion. Fixed action patterns are invariant and
are produced by a neural network known as the innate releasing
mechanism in response to an external sensory stimulus known as a sign
stimulus or releaser.
A mating dance may be used as an example. Many species of birds engage


--- Page 341 ---
in a specific series of elaborate movements, usually by a brightly colored
male. How well they perform the "dance" is then used by females of the
species to judge their fitness as a potential mate. The key stimulus is
typically the presence of the female.
Although fixed action patterns are most common in animals with simpler
cognitive capabilities, humans also demonstrate fixed action patterns. For
example, infants grasp strongly with their hands as a response to tactile
stimulus."
Reference: Wikipedia.org
207    "...chemical-electrical trigger" mechanism..."
"A taxis (plural taxes) is an innate behavioural response by an organism
to a stimulus. A taxis differs from a tropism (turning response, often
growth towards or away from a stimulus) in that the organism has motility
and demonstrates guided movement towards or away from the stimulus. It
also differs from a kinesis, a non-directional change in activity in response
to a stimulus that results in the illusion of directed motion due to different
rates of activity depending on stimulus intensity.
For example, flagellate protozoans of the genus Euglena move towards a
light source. Here the directional stimulus is light, and the orientation
movement is towards the light. This reaction or behaviour is a positive one
to light and specifically termed "positive phototaxis", since phototaxis is a
response to a light stimulus, and the organism is moving towards
the stimulus. If the organism moves away from the stimulus, then the taxis
is negative. Many types of taxis have been identified and named using
prefices to specify the stimulus that elicits the response. These include
anemotaxis (stimulation by wind), barotaxis (pressure), chemotaxis
(chemicals), galvanotaxis (electrical current), geotaxis (gravity),
hydrotaxis (moisture), phototaxis (light), rheotaxis (fluid flow),
thermotaxis (temperature changes) and thigmotaxis (physical contact).
Chemotaxis is a migratory response elicited by chemicals. Unicellular (e.g.
protozoa) or multicellular (e.g. worms organisms are targets of the
substances. A concentration gradient of chemicals developed in a fluid
phase guides the vectorial movement of responder cells or organisms.
Electrotaxis is directional movement of motile cells in response to a
electric field. It
has been suggested that by detecting and orientating themselves toward
the electric fields. This notion is based on 1) the existence of measurable


--- Page 342 ---
electric fields that naturally occur during wound healing, development
and regeneration; and 2) cells in cultures respond to applied electric fields
by directional cell."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
208    "... reproductive chemical-electrical impulses
stimulated by testosterone or estrogen."
"Testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group. In
mammals, testosterone is primarily secreted in the testes of males and the
ovaries of females, although small amounts are also secreted by the
adrenal glands. It is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic
steroid.
The period of the early 1930’s to the 1950’s has been called “The Golden
Age of Steroid Chemistry”, and work during this period progressed quickly.
Research in this golden age proved that this newly synthesized compound —
testosterone — or rather family of compounds (for many derivatives were
developed in the 1940’s, 50’s and 60’s), was a potent multiplier of muscle,
strength, and wellbeing
In both men and women, testosterone plays a key role in health and well-
being as well as in sexual functioning.
The human hormone testosterone is produced in greater amounts by males,
and less by females. The human hormone estrogen is produced in greater
amounts by females, and less by males. On average, an adult human male
body produces about forty to sixty times more testosterone than an adult
female body.
Testosterone causes the appearance of masculine traits (i.e deepening voice,
pubic and facial hairs, muscular build, etc.) Like men, women rely on
testosterone to maintain libido, bone density and muscle mass throughout
their lives."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
209    "The debilitating impact and addiction to the "sexual aesthetic-pain"
electronic wave..."
"The term Sexual addiction is used to describe the behavior of a person who
has an unusually intense sex drive or obsession with sex. Sexual addiction,
also called sexual compulsion is a form of psychological addiction.
The behavior of sex addicts is comparable to behavior of alcoholics and


--- Page 343 ---
addicts, where sex functions like a drug. A common definition of alcoholism
is that a person has a pathological relationship with this mood altering
drug. It provides a quick mood change, works every time and the user loses
control over their compulsion. Like alcoholics, sex addicts' lives
rotate around the constant desire for their "drug" of choice."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
210    "...space craft of The Domain travel trillions of light-years in a single
day..." -Using the Julian Calendar year (not Gregorian) of 365.25 days, or
exactly 31,557,600 seconds, gives the light-year an exact value of
9,460,730,472,580,800 meters. ( A meter = 3.281 feet or 39.37 inches.)
The distance to the nearest star from Earth is 4.24 light years!
Distances measured in fractions of a light-year usually involve objects
within a star system. Distances measured in light-years include distances
between nearby stars, such as those in the same spiral arm or globular
cluster.
One kilolight-year, abbreviated "kly", is one thousand light-years, or about
307 parsecs. Kilolight-years are typically used to measure distances between
parts of a galaxy.
One megalight-year, abbreviated "Mly", is one million light-years, or about
306,600 parsecs. Megalight-years are typically used to measure distances
between neighboring galaxies and galaxy clusters.
One gigalight-year, abbreviation "Gly", is one billion light-years — one of
the largest distance measures used. One gigalight-year is about 306.6 million
parsecs.
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
211 "... a heavy gravity, nitrogen/oxygen atmosphere
planet..."
"The Earth's atmosphere is a layer of gases surrounding the planet Earth
and retained by the Earth's gravity. It contains roughly (by molar
content/volume) 78.08% nitrogen, 20.95% oxygen, 0.93% argon, 0.038%
carbon dioxide, trace amounts of other gases, and a variable amount
(average around 1 %) of water vapor. This mixture of gases is commonly
known as air. The atmosphere protects life on Earth by absorbing
ultraviolet solar radiation and reducing temperature extremes between day
and night.


--- Page 344 ---
There is no definite boundary between the atmosphere and outer space. It
slowly becomes thinner and fades into space. Three quarters of the
atmosphere's mass is within 11 km of the planetary surface. In the United
States, people who travel above an altitude of 80.5 km (50 statute miles)
are designated astronauts. An altitude of 120 km (~75 miles or 400,000
ft) marks the boundary where atmospheric effects become noticeable
during re-entry. The Karman line, at 100 km (62 miles or 328,000 ft), is
also frequently regarded as the boundary between atmosphere and outer
space.
The atmosphere of Mars is relatively thin, and the atmospheric pressure
on the surface varies from around 30 Pa (0.03 kPa) on Olympus Mons's
peak to over 1155 Pa (1.155 kPa) in the depths of Hellas Planitia, with a
mean surface level pressure of 600 Pa (0.6 kPa), compared to Earth's
101.3 kPa. However, the scale height of the atmosphere is about 11 km,
somewhat higher than Earth's 6 km. The atmosphere on Mars consists of
95% carbon dioxide, 3% nitrogen, 1.6% argon, and contains traces of
oxygen, water, and methane. The atmosphere is quite dusty, giving the
Martian sky a tawny color when seen from the surface; data from the
Mars Exploration Rovers indicates the suspended dust particles are
roughly 1.5 micrometres across.
The atmosphere of Venus, the second planet from the Sun, is much denser
and hotter than that of Earth. The surface temperature and pressure on
Venus are 740 K (467°C) and 93 bar, respectively. The Venusian
atmosphere supports thick persistent clouds made of sulfuric acid, which
make optical observations of the surface impossible. The
information about surface features on Venus has been obtained
exclusively by radar imaging conducted from the ground and Venera 15-
16 and by Magellan space probes. The main atmosphereric gases on
Venus are carbon dioxide and nitrogen, which make up 96.5% and 3.5%
of all molecules. Other chemical compounds are present only in trace
amounts.
The atmosphere of Venus is in state of a vigorous circulation and super-
rotation. The whole atmosphere circles the planet in just four days (super-
rotation), which is a short time compared with the sideral rotational period
of 243 days. The winds supporting super-rotation blow as fast as 100 m/s.
Near the poles of Venus anticyclonic structures called polar vortexes are
located. In them the air moves downward. Each vortex is double eyed
and shows a characteristic S-shaped pattern of clouds.
Only the ionosphere and thin induced magnetosphere separate venusian
atmosphere from the space. They shield the atmosphere from the solar wind,
which usually does not penetrate deep into it. However they are incapable of


--- Page 345 ---
preventing the loss of water, which is continuously blown away by the solar
wind through the induced magnetotail.
Despite the harsh conditions on the surface, at about a 50 km to 65 km level
above the surface of the planet the atmospheric pressure and temperature is
nearly the same as that of the Earth, making its upper atmosphere the most
Earth-like area in the Solar System, even more so than the surface of Mars.
Due to the similarity in pressure, temperature and the fact that breathable
air (21% oxygen, 78% nitrogen) is a lifting gas on Venus in the same
way that helium is a lifting gas on Earth."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 346 ---
212    "...Johannes Gutenberg..."
"Johannes Gensfleisch zur Laden zum Gutenberg (c. 1400 - February 3,
1468) was a German goldsmith and printer, who is credited with inventing
movable type printing in Europe (c. 1439) and mechanical printing globally.
His major work, the Gutenberg Bible, also known as the 42-line bible, has
been acclaimed for its high aesthetic and technical quality.
Although Gutenberg was financially unsuccessful in his lifetime, the printing
technologies spread quickly, and news and books began to travel across
Europe much faster than before. It fed the growing Renaissance, and since it
greatly facilitated scientific publishing, it was a major catalyst for the later
scientific revolution. Gutenberg is thought to have said: "Give me 26
soldiers of lead and I shall conquer the world."
Printing was also a factor in the Reformation: Martin Luther found that the
95 Theses, which he posted on the door of his church, were printed and
circulated widely; subsequently he also issued broadsheets outlining his
anti-indulgences position (ironically, indulgences were one of the first items
Gutenberg had printed). The broadsheet evolved into newspapers
and defined the mass media we know today."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 347 ---
213    "...George Washington Carver..."
"George Washington Carver (July 12, 1864 - January 5, 1943) was an
American botanical researcher and agronomy educator who worked in
agricultural extension at the Tuskegee Institute in Tuskegee, Alabama,
teaching former slaves farming techniques for selfsufficiency.
George Washington Carver reputedly discovered three hundred uses for
peanuts and hundreds more uses for soybeans, pecans and sweet potatoes.
Among the listed items that he suggested to southern farmers to help them
economically were adhesives, axle grease, bleach, buttermilk, chili sauce,
fuel briquettes, ink, instant coffee, linoleum, mayonnaise, meat tenderizer,
metal polish, paper, plastic, pavement, shaving cream, shoe polish, synthetic
rubber, talcum powder and wood stain. Three patents (one for cosmetics,
and two for paints and stains) were issued to George Washington Carver in
the years 1925 to 1927; however, they were not commercially successful in
the end. Aside from these patents and some recipes for food, he left no
formulas or procedures for making his products. He did not keep a
laboratory notebook.
Carver's most important accomplishments were in areas other than
industrial products from peanuts, including agricultural extension
education, improvement of racial relations, mentoring children, poetry,
painting, religion, advocacy of sustainable agriculture and appreciation of
plants and nature. He served as a valuable role model for African-
Americans and an example of the importance of hard work, a positive
attitude and a good education.
His humility, humanitarianism, good nature, frugality and lack of economic
materialism have also been widely admired.
One of his most important roles was that the fame of his achievements and
many talents undermined the widespread stereotype of the time that the
black race was intellectually inferior to the white race. In 1941, "Time"
magazine dubbed him a "Black Leonardo".
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
214    "...Jonas Salk..."
"Jonas Edward Salk (October 28, 1914 - June 23, 1995) was an American
biologist and physician best known for the research and development of the
first effective polio vaccine.
While being interviewed by Edward R. Murrow on "See It Now" in 1955,


--- Page 348 ---
Salk was asked: "Who owns the patent on this vaccine?" Surprised by the
question's assumption of the requirement of a profit-motive for his creation,
he responded: "There is no patent. Could you patent the sun?"
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
215    "...Richard Trevithick..."
" Richard Trevithick (born April 13, 1771 in Cornwall - died April 22, 1833
in Kent) was an English inventor, mining engineer and builder of the first
working railway steam locomotive."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
216    "... Renaissance..."
The Renaissance (from French Renaissance, meaning "rebirth"; Italian:
Rinascimento, from re- "again" and nascere "be born") was a cultural
movement that spanned roughly the 14th through the 17th century,
beginning in Italy in the late Middle Ages and later spreading to the rest of
western Europe. It encompassed a revival of learning based on classical
sources, the development of linear perspective in painting, and educational
reform. The Renaissance saw developments in most intellectual pursuits, but
is perhaps best known for its artistic aspect and the contributions of such
polymaths as Leonardo da Vinci and Michelangelo, who have inspired the
term "Renaissance men".
However, it was not until the nineteenth century that the French word
Renaissance achieved popularity in describing the cultural movement that
began in the late 13th century" (1200 AD - 1300 AD).
The term was first used retrospectively by the Italian artist and critic
Giorgio Vasari (15111574) in his book The Lives of the Artists (published
1550). In the book Vasari was attempting to define what he described as a
break with the barbarities of gothic art: the arts
had fallen into decay with the collapse of the Roman Empire and only the
Tuscan artists, beginning with Cimabue (1240-1301) and Giotto (1267-
1337) began to reverse this decline in the arts. According to Vasari, antique
art was central to the rebirth of Italian art.
During the 12th century in Europe, there was a radical change in the rate of
new inventions and innovations in the ways of managing traditional means
of production and economic growth. In less than a century, there were more
inventions developed and applied usefully than in the previous thousand
years of human history all over the globe. The period saw major
technological advances, including the adoption or invention of printing,
gunpowder, spectacles, a better clock, the astrolabe, and greatly improved


--- Page 349 ---
ships. The latter two advances made possible the dawn of the Age of
Exploration.
Alfred Crosby described some of this technological revolution in The
Measure of Reality: Quantification in Western Europe, 1250-1600 and
other major historians of technology have also noted it.
•    The earliest written record of a windmill is from Yorkshire, England,
dated 1185.
•    Paper manufacture began in Italy around 1270.
•    The spinning wheel was brought to Europe (probably from India) in the
13th century.
•    The magnetic compass aided navigation, first reaching Europe some
time in the late 12th century.
•    Eyeglasses were invented in Italy in the late 1280s.
•    The astrolabe returned to Europe via Islamic Spain.
•    Leonardo of Pisa introduces Hindu-Arabic numerals to Europe with his
book Liber Abaci in 1202.
•    The West's oldest known depiction of a stern-mounted rudder can be
found on church carvings dating to around 1180."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
217 "... explosions that were tested and used in the
past two years on Earth have the potential to destroy
all of life..."
"A doomsday device is a hypothetical construction — usually a weapon —
which could destroy all life on the Earth, or destroy the Earth itself
(bringing "doomsday", a term used for the end of planet Earth).
Doomsday devices have been present in literature and art especially in the
20th century, when advances in science and technology allowed humans to
imagine a definite and plausible way of actively destroying the world or all
life on it (or at least human life). Many classics in the genre of science
fiction take up the theme in this respect, especially The Purple Cloud (1901)
by M. P. Shiel in which the accidental release of a gas kills all people on the
planet.
After the advent of nuclear weapons, especially hydrogen bombs, they have
usually been the dominant components of fictional doomsday devices. RAND


--- Page 350 ---
strategist Herman Kahn proposed a "Doomsday Machine" in the 1950s
which would consist of a computer linked to a stockpile of hydrogen bombs,
programmed to detonate them all and bathe the planet in nuclear fallout at
the signal of an impending nuclear attack from another nation. Such
a scheme, fictional as it was, epitomized for many the extremes of the
suicidal logic behind the strategy of mutually assured destruction, and it
was famously parodied in the Stanley
Kubrick film from 1964, Dr. Strangelove or: How I Learned to Stop
Worrying and Love the Bomb. It is also a main topic of the movie Beneath
the Planet of the Apes, in parallel with the species extermination theme.
Most such models either rely on the fact that hydrogen bombs can be made
arbitrarily large (see Teller-Ulam design) or that they can be "salted"
with materials designed to create long-lasting and hazardous fallout (e.g.; a
cobalt bomb).
There are many unconfirmed, anecdotal reports of a Soviet doomsday
device involving a 200-megaton hydrogen bomb sheathed in (or, alternately,
"salted" with) a highly radioactive material, usually said to be cobalt, of
sufficient quantity to saturate the earth's atmosphere with deadly fallout
should the device be detonated. Details regarding this device
vary according to the source, but enough similarities in the dozens of
different stories exist to suggest at least some basis in truth. According to
various sources, at some point between 1967 and 1985, the device was
designed but never constructed; built but never activated; built and
activated, but dismantled at the end of the cold war; or designed and
constructed in such a manner that it can never be de-activated, and is still in
existence today. Tales of its location and means of operation are equally
diverse: it was in an underground bunker west of Moscow, Siberia, the
Ukraine, etc.; it was installed on a special rocket booster that would deliver
it to the upper atmosphere upon activation; it was actually a series of bombs
placed at intervals along the western border of the USSR; it was to be
detonated upon command from the Kremlin, automatically by a special
computer, a seismic trigger, or upon detection of incoming missiles. Many
more versions exist, such as one with the device being permanently installed
in the hold of an unmarked tramp freighter, steaming randomly from port to
port in the North Sea."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
218    "... paradigm..."
"Historian of science Thomas Kuhn gave this word its contemporary
meaning when he adopted it to refer to the set of practices that define a
scientific discipline during a particular period of time. Kuhn himself came to


--- Page 351 ---
prefer the terms exemplar and normal science, which have more exact
philosophical meanings. However, in his book The Structure of
Scientific Revolutions Kuhn defines a scientific paradigm as:
•    what is to be observed and scrutinized
•    the kind of questions that are supposed to be asked and probed for
answers in relation to this subject
•    how these questions are to be structured
•    how the results of scientific investigations should be interpreted
Alternatively, the Oxford English Dictionary defines paradigm as "a pattern
or model, an exemplar."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
219    "...Nicola Tesla..."
"Nikola Tesla (10 July 1856 - 7 January 1943) was an inventor, physicist,
mechanical engineer, and electrical engineer. Born in Smiljan, Croatian
Krajina, Military Frontier, he was an ethnic Serb subject of the Austrian
Empire and later became an American citizen. Tesla is best known for his
many revolutionary contributions to the discipline of electricity
and magnetism in the late 19th and early 20th century. Tesla's patents and
theoretical work
formed the basis of modern alternating current electric power (AC)
systems, including the polyphase power distribution systems and the AC
motor, with which he helped usher in the Second Industrial Revolution.
Contemporary biographers of Tesla have deemed him "the man who
invented the twentieth century" and "the patron saint of modern
electricity."
After his demonstration of wireless communication (radio) in 1893 and
after being the victor in the "War of Currents", he was widely respected as
America's greatest electrical engineer. Much of his early work pioneered
modern electrical engineering and many of his discoveries were of
groundbreaking importance. During this period, in the United States,
Tesla's fame rivaled that of any other inventor or scientist in history or
popular culture but due to his eccentric personality and unbelievable and
sometimes bizarre claims about possible scientific and technological
developments, Tesla was ultimately ostracized and regarded as a "mad
scientist". Never having put much focus on his finances, Tesla died
impoverished at the age of 86.
Aside from his work on electromagnetism and engineering, Tesla is said to
have contributed in varying degrees to the establishment of robotics,


--- Page 352 ---
remote control, radar and computer science, and to the expansion of
ballistics, nuclear physics, and theoretical physics. In 1943, the Supreme
Court of the United States credited him as being the inventor of the
radio."
He performed several experiments prior to Roentgen's discovery
(including photographing the bones of his hand; later, he sent these
images to Roentgen) but didn't make his findings widely known; much of
his research was lost in the 5th Avenue lab fire of March 1895.
A "world system" for "the transmission of electrical energy without
wires" that depends upon the electrical conductivity was proposed in
which transmission in various natural mediums with current that passes
between the two point are used to power devices. In a practical wireless
energy transmission system using this principle, a high-power ultraviolet
beam might be used to form a vertical ionized channel in the air directly
above the transmitter-receiver stations. The same concept is used in virtual
lightning rods, the electrolaser electroshock weapon, and has been
proposed for disabling vehicles.
Tesla demonstrated "the transmission of electrical energy without wires"
that depends upon electrical conductivity as early as 1891. The Tesla effect
(named in honor of Tesla) is the archaic term for an application of this
type of electrical conduction (that is, the movement of energy through
space and matter; not just the production of voltage across a conductor)
Tesla also investigated harvesting energy that is present throughout space.
He
believed that it was just merely a question of time when men will succeed
in attaching their machinery to the very wheelwork of nature, stating: Ere
many generations pass, our machinery will be driven by a power
obtainable at any point of the universe. —"Experiments With Alternate
Currents Of High Potential And High Frequency" (February 1892)
Tesla began to theorize about electricity and magnetism's power to warp,
or rather change, space and time and the procedure by which man could
forcibly control this power. Near the end of his life, Tesla was fascinated
with the idea of light as both a particle and a wave, a fundamental
proposition already incorporated into quantum physics. This field of
inquiry led to the idea of creating a "wall of light" by manipulating
electromagnetic waves in a certain pattern. This mysterious wall of light
would enable time, space, gravity and matter to be altered at will, and
engendered an array of Tesla proposals that seem to leap straight out of
science fiction, including anti-gravity airships, teleportation, and
time travel.


--- Page 353 ---
The single strangest invention Tesla ever proposed was probably the
"thought photography" machine. He reasoned that a thought formed in
the mind created a corresponding image in the retina, and the electrical
data of this neural transmission could be read and recorded in a machine.
The stored information could then be processed through an artificial optic
nerve and played back as visual patterns on a viewscreen.
Another of Tesla's theorized inventions is commonly referred to as Tesla's
Flying Machine, which appears to resemble an ion-propelled aircraft.
Tesla claimed that one of his life goals was to create a flying machine that
would run without the use of an airplane engine, wings, ailerons,
propellers, or an onboard fuel source. Initially, Tesla pondered about the
idea of a flying craft that would fly using an electric motor powered by
grounded base stations. As time progressed, Tesla suggested that perhaps
such an aircraft could be run entirely electro-mechanically. The theorized
appearance would typically take the form of a cigar or saucer.
In the Colorado Springs lab, Tesla observed unusual signals that he later
thought may have been evidence of extraterrestrial radio communications
coming from Venus or Mars. He noticed repetitive signals from his
receiver which were substantially different from the signals he had noted
from storms and earth noise. Specifically, he later recalled that the signals
appeared in groups of one, two, three, and four clicks together. Tesla had
mentioned before this event and many times after that he thought his
inventions could be used to talk with other planets. There have even been
claims that he invented a "Teslascope" for just such a purpose.
"I hold that space cannot be curved, for the simple reason that it can have
no properties. It might as well be said that God has properties. He has not,
but only attributes and these are of our own making. Of properties we can
only speak when dealing with matter filling the space. To say that in the
presence of large bodies space becomes curved is equivalent to stating that
something can act upon nothing. I, for one, refuse to subscribe to such a
view." -- New York Herald Tribune, September 11, 1932
Tesla was critical of Einstein's relativity work, calling it:
"...[a] magnificent mathematical garb which fascinates, dazzles and
makes people blind to the underlying errors. The theory is like a beggar
clothed in purple whom ignorant people take for a king..., its exponents
are brilliant men but they are metaphysicists rather than scientists... "--
New York Times, July 11, 1935, p 23, c.8
"Nikola Tesla invented the 20th and 21st Century. A 'discoverer of new
principles,' Tesla was the sole inventor of the alternating poly-phase
current generators that light up every town in the world today. He was the


--- Page 354 ---
original inventor of the radio, and placed his ideas in print
and demonstrated them before the public 5 years before Marconi. By the
turn of the century, he had discussed the feasibility of television; he
created an atom smasher capable of evaporating rubies and diamonds; he
built wireless neon lamps that gave off more light than today's
conventional bulbs provide; he built precursors to the electron microscope,
the laser and X-ray photographs. He sent his shadowgraphs to the
discoverer of X-rays in 1895 as soon a Roentgen published his famous
pictures. Tesla also created Kirlian-like photographs 75 years before they
became famous. All of this took place before 1900!’
Tesla, and not Edison, invented the poly-phase alternators that power our
modern civilization; and it was Tesla who was eventually awarded
Marconi's wireless patents long after Tesla and Marconi were both dead.
In all, Tesla contributed over 1200 patents, and we are currently using
only some 200 of them. Near everyone remembers the Tesla Coil, but how
many remember that he demonstrated wireless transmission of electric
power prior to 1900?
When offered to share the Nobel Prize with Edison for their electrical
inventions, Tesla turned the prestigious award down! Edison never
received the Nobel Prize.
Tesla is quoted as saying:
'In the dark I had the sense of a bat, and could detect the presence of an
object at a distance of 12 feet away by a peculiar creepy sensation on the
forehead...'
'In Budapest, I could hear the ticking of a watch with 3 rooms between me
and the timepiece. A fly alighting on a table in the room would cause a
dull thud in my ear. A carriage passing at a distance of a few miles fairly
shook my whole body. The whistle of a locomotive 20 or 30 miles away
made the bench or chair on which I sat vibrate so strongly that the pain
was unbearable. The ground under my feet trembled continuously...'
Tesla said in an 1892 lecture :
'Ere many generations pass, our machinery will be driven by a power
obtainable at any point of the universe. Throughout space there is energy.
Is this energy static or kinetic? If static, our hopes are in vain; if kinetic -
and this we know it is, for certain - then it is a mere question of time when
men will succeed in attaching their machinery to the very wheelwork of
nature.'
-- Reference: http://www.world-mysteries.com/dougy.htm 220 "... will be
able to "reverse engineer" the technology..."


--- Page 355 ---
"After joining the Army in 1942, Philip Corso served in Army Intelligence
in Europe. In 1945, Corso arranged for the safe passage of 10,000 Jewish
WWII refugees out of Rome to Palestine. During the Korean War (1950-
1953), Corso performed Intelligence duties under General Douglas
MacArthur as Chief of the Special Projects branch of the
Intelligence Division, Far East Command. One of his primary duties was
to keep track of enemy prisoner of war (POW) camps in North Korea.
Corso was in charge of investigating the estimated number of U.S. and
other United Nations POWs held at each camp and their treatment.
At later held congressional hearings of the Senate Select Committee on
POW/MIA Affairs,
Philip Corso would provide testimony that many hundreds of American
POW's were abandoned at these camps.
Corso was on the staff of President Eisenhower's National Security
Council for four years (1953-1957). In 1961, he became Chief of the
Pentagon's Foreign Technology desk in Army Research and Development,
working under Lt. Gen. Arthur Trudeau. When he left
military intelligence in 1963, Corso became a key aide to Senator Strom
Thurmond. In 1964, Corso was assigned to Warren Commission member
Senator Richard Russell Jr. as an investigator into the assassination of
John F. Kennedy.
Philip Corso relates in his book The Day After Roswell (co-author William
J. Birnes) how he stewarded extraterrestrial artifacts recovered from a
crash at Roswell, New Mexico in 1947.
According to Corso, the reverse engineering of these artifacts indirectly
led to the development of accelerated particle beam devices, fiber optics,
lasers, integrated circuit chips and Kevlar material.
In 1947, according to Corso, a covert government group (see Majestic 12)
was assembled under the leadership of the first Director of Central
Intelligence, Adm. Roscoe H. Hillenkoetter. Among its tasks was to collect
all information on extraterrestrial spacecraft.
The US administration simultaneously discounted the existence of flying
saucers in the eyes of the public, Corso says. Corso further relates that the
Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI), or Star Wars, was meant to achieve the
capability of killing the electronic guidance systems of incoming enemy
warheads and disabling enemy spacecraft, including those
of extraterrestrial origin."
— Reference: Wikipedia.org
221    "... attuned to the "neural network" of the craft."


--- Page 356 ---
"Traditionally, the term Neural Networks had been used to refer to a
network or circuit of biological neurons. The modern usage of the term
often refers to artificial neural networks, which are composed of artificial
neurons or nodes. Thus the term 'Neural Network' has two distinct
usages:
1)    Biological neural networks are made up of real biological neurons
that are connected or functionally-related in the peripheral nervous
system or the central nervous system. In the field of neuroscience, they are
often identified as groups of neurons that perform a specific physiological
function in laboratory analysis.
2)    Artificial neural networks are made up of interconnecting artificial
neurons (programming constructs that mimic the properties of biological
neurons). Artificial neural networks may either be used to gain an
understanding of biological neural networks, or for solving artificial
intelligence problems without necessarily creating a model of a
real biological system."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
222    "...microscopic wiring or fibers..."
The transistor was invented in 1947. It was considered a revolution. Small,
fast, reliable and effective, it quickly replaced the vacuum tube. Freed from
the limitations of the vacuum tube, engineers finally could begin to realize
the electrical constructions of their dreams.
It seems that the integrated circuit was destined to be invented. Two separate
inventors, unaware of each other's activities, invented almost identical
integrated circuits or ICs at nearly the same time.
Jack Kilby, an engineer with a background in ceramic-based silk screen
circuit boards and transistor-based hearing aids, started working for Texas
Instruments in 1958. A year earlier, research engineer Robert Noyce had co-
founded the Fairchild Semiconductor Corporation. From 1958 to 1959, both
electrical engineers were working on an answer to the same dilemma: how
to make more of less.
Although the first integrated circuit was pretty crude and had some
problems, the idea was groundbreaking. By making all the parts out of the
same block of material and adding the metal needed to connect them as a
layer on top of it, there was no more need for individual discrete
components. No more wires and components had to be assembled manually.
The circuits could be made smaller and the manufacturing process could be
automated.
Jack Kilby (Texas Instruments) is probably most famous for his invention of


--- Page 357 ---
the integrated circuit, for which he received the Nobel Prize in Physics in the
year 2000. After his success with the integrated circuit Kilby stayed with
Texas Instruments and, among other things, he led the team that invented the
hand-held calculator.
Jack Kilby now holds patents on over sixty inventions and is also well
known as the inventor of the portable calculator (1967). In 1970 he was
awarded the National Medal of Science. Robert Noyce, with sixteen patents
to his name, founded Intel, the company responsible for the invention of the
microprocessor, in 1968. But for both men the invention of the
integrated circuit stands historically as one of the most important
innovations of mankind. Almost all modern products use chip technology.
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
223    "...wiring is used for light, sub-light and ultra-light spectrum detection
and vision."
An optical fiber is a glass or plastic fiber designed to guide light along its
length. Fiber optics is the overlap of applied science and engineering
concerned with the design and application of optical fibers. Optical fibers
are widely used in fiber-optic communication, which permits transmission
over longer distances and at higher data rates than other forms of
communications. Fibers are used instead of metal wires because signals
travel along them with less loss, and they are immune to electromagnetic
interference. Optical fibers are also used to form sensors, and in a variety
of other applications.
In 1952, physicist Narinder Singh Kapany conducted experiments that led
to the invention of optical fiber, based on Tyndall's earlier studies; modern
optical fibers, where the glass fiber is coated with a transparent cladding
to offer a more suitable refractive index, appeared later in the decade.
In 1991, the emerging field of photonic crystals led to the development of
photonic crystal fiber (Science (2003), vol 299, page 358), which guides
light by means of diffraction from a periodic structure, rather than total
internal reflection. The first photonic crystal fibers became commercially
available in 1996. Photonic crystal fibers can be designed to carry higher
power than conventional fiber, and their wavelength dependent properties
can be manipulated to improve their performance in certain applications."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
224    "... fabrics of the interior of the craft..."
"Technical textiles is the term given to textile products manufactured for
non aesthetic purposes, where function is the primary criterion. This is a


--- Page 358 ---
large and growing sector and supports a vast array of other industries.
It has been heard that soon textiles will be merged with electronics in all
areas. In future wearable computers would be launched, these will not be
like advance wrist watches etc,
they will contain IC s in fabric to develop fabric keyboards and other
wearable computer devices. These types of products are known as
Interactive electronic textiles (IET). Research to support IET development
is being conducted in many universities. Growing consumer interest in
mobile, electronic devises will initiate the demand for IET products.
Technical textiles include textile structures for autmotive applications,
medical textiles (e.g. implants), geotextiles (reinforcement of
embankments), agrotextiles (textiles for crop protection), protective
clothing (e.g. against heat and radiation for fire figther clothing, against
molten metals for welders, stab protection and bulletproof vests),
spacesuits
(astronauts)."
Biotextiles are structures composed of textile fibers designed for use in
specific biological environments where their performance depends on
biocompatibility and biostability with cells and biological fluids.
Biotextiles include implantible devices such as surgical sutures,
hernia repair fabrics, arterial grafts, artificial skin and parts of artificial
hearts. They were first created 30 years ago (1978) by Dr. Martin W. King,
a professor in North Carolina State University’s College of Textiles.
Medical textiles are a broader group which also includes bandages, wound
dressings, hospital linen, preventive clothing etc. Antiseptic biotextiles are
textiles used in fighting against cutaneous bacterial proliferation. Zeolite
and triclosan are at the present time the most used molecules. This
original property allows to inhibits the development of odors or bacterial
proliferation in the diabetic foot."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
225 "... mechanisms for creating, amplifying and channeling light particles or
waves as a form of energy."
In 1947, Willis E. Lamb and R. C. Retherford found apparent stimulated
emission in hydrogen spectra and made the first demonstration of stimulated
emission. In 1950, Alfred Kastler (Nobel Prize for Physics 1966) proposed
the method of optical pumping.
The work of Schawlow and Townes, however, can be traced back to the
1940sand early 50s1 and their interest in the field of microwave


--- Page 359 ---
spectroscopy, which had emerged as a powerful tool for puzzling out the
characteristics of a wide variety of molecules.
The invention of the laser, which stands for light amplification by stimulated
emission of radiation, can be dated to 1958 with the publication of the
scientific paper, Infrared and Optical Masers, by Arthur L. Schawlow, then
a Bell Labs researcher, and Charles H.
Townes, a consultant to Bell Labs. That paper, published in Physical
Review, the journal of the American Physical Society, launched a new
scientific field and opened the door to a multibillion-dollar industry.
Many different materials can be used as lasers. Some, like the ruby laser,
emit short pulses of laser light. Others, like helium-neon gas lasers or liquid
dye lasers emit a continuous beam of light.
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
226    " There are as many universes as there are IS-BEs to imagine and
perceive them, existing concurrently within it's own continuum."
The multiverse (or meta-universe) is the hypothetical set of multiple possible
universes (including our universe) that together comprise all of reality. The
different universes within the multiverse are sometimes called parallel
universes. The structure of the multiverse, the nature of each universe within
it and the relationship between the various constituent universes, depend on
the specific multiverse hypothesis considered.
Multiverses have been hypothesized in cosmology, physics, astronomy,
philosophy, theology, and fiction, particularly in science fiction and fantasy.
The specific term "multiverse," which was coined by William James, was
popularized by science fiction author Michael Moorcock. In these contexts,
parallel universes are also called "alternative universes," "quantum
universes," "parallel worlds," "alternate realities," "alternative timelines,"
etc.
A multiverse of a somewhat different kind has been envisaged within the 11-
dimensional extension of string theory known as M-theory. In M-theory our
universe and others are created by collisions between membranes in an 11-
dimensional space. This is unlike the universes in the "quantum multiverse".
The string landscape theory asserts that a different universe exists for each
of the very large ensemble of solutions generated when ten dimensional
string theory is reduced to the fourdimensional low-energy world we see.
"A common feature of all four multiverse levels is that the simplest and
arguably most elegant theory involves parallel universes by default. To deny
the existence of those universes, one needs to complicate the theory by


--- Page 360 ---
adding experimentally unsupported processes and ad hoc postulates: finite
space, wave function collapse and ontological asymmetry. Our judgment
therefore comes down to which we find more wasteful and inelegant: many
worlds or many words."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
227    "...political, religious or economic expediency."
The common denominator of politics, religion and economics is that they
are each based on vested interests. -- The Editor
See the definition of "vested interest":
"1) a survival or non-survival plan or agenda which has been "clothed" to
make it seem like something other than what it actually is.
2) any person, group or entity which prevents or controls communication to
serve their own purposes, (plans or agenda)."
-- Reference: English language Dictionary
1
NOTE: According to the book, "The Day After Roswell", reports about
microwave and light projecting components from the Roswell "flying disc",
technology were "leaked" to Bell Laboratories through the Pentagon.


--- Page 361 ---
228    "... just before the Japanese attack on Pearl
Harbor..."
"The attack on Pearl Harbor was a surprise attack against the United
States' naval base at Pearl Harbor, Hawaii by the Japanese navy, at 0800
hours on the morning of Sunday, December 7, 1941, resulting in the
United States becoming involved in World War II. Hostilities between the
U.S. and Japan were expected by many observers, including President
Roosevelt, who read a decrypted Japanese message (on December 1st,
1941) and told his assistant Harry Hopkins, "This means war."
At 03:42 Hawaiian Time, hours before commanding Admiral Chuichi
Nagumo began launching strike aircraft, the minesweeper USS Condor
spotted a midget submarine outside the harbor entrance and alerted
destroyer USS Ward. Ward was initially unsuccessful in locating the
target. Hours later, Ward fired America's first shots in the Pacific theater
of WWII when she attacked and sank a midget submarine, perhaps the
same one, at 06:37.
Closer to the moment of the attack, the attacking planes were detected and
tracked as they approached by an Army radar installation being operated
that morning as a mostly unofficial training exercise. The Opana Point
radar station, operated by two enlisted men (Pvts. Lockard and Elliot)
plotted the approaching force, and their relief team plotted them
returning to the carriers. The initial radar returns were thought, by the ill-
trained junior officer (Lt.
Kermit A. Tyler) in charge at the barely operational warning information
center at Pearl Harbor, to be a flight of American bombers expected from
the mainland. In fact those bombers did arrive, from a somewhat different
bearing in the middle of the attack.
Additionally, Japanese submarines were sighted and attacked (by USS
Ward) outside the harbor entrance a few hours before the attack
commenced, and at least one was sunk—all before the planes came within
even radar range. This might have provided enough notice to disperse
aircraft and fly off reconnaissance, except, yet again, reactions of the duty
officers were tardy. It has been argued failure to follow up on DF bearings
saved USS Enterprise. If she had been correctly directed, she might have
run into the six carrier Japanese strike force.
After the attack, the search for the attack force was concentrated south of
Pearl Harbor, continuing the confusion and ineffectiveness of the


--- Page 362 ---
American response.
Another issue in the debate is the fact neither Admiral Kimmel nor
General Short ever faced court martial. It is alleged this was to avoid
disclosing information conspirators would not want to see made public.
When asked, Kimmel replied, "Will historians know more later? Kimmel's
reply to this was:'... I’ll tell you what I believe. I think that most of the
incriminating records have been destroyed.... I doubt if the truth will ever
emerge.'..." It is equally, probably more, likely this was done to avoid
disclosing the fact Japanese codes were being read, given there was a war
on."
-- Reference: http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pearl_Harbor_advance-
knowledge_debate
229    "...General Symington,"...
His first positions were chairman of the Surplus Property Board (1945),
administrator of the Property Administration (1945-1946) and Assistant
Secretary of War for Air (1946-1947).
On September 18, 1947, the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force was
created and
Symington became the first Secretary. Symington once formally requested a
report from military sources regarding the possible existence of
subterranean super humans.
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
230    "...General Nathan Twining, ..."
He was named commander of the Air Materiel Command, and in 1947 he
took over Alaskan Air Command. In 1947, Twining was asked to study UFO
reports; he recommended that a formal study of the phenomenon take place;
Project Sign was the result. When Hoyt Vandenberg retired in mid-1953,
Twining was selected as chief; during his tenure, massive retaliation based
on airpower became the national strategy. In 1957, President Eisenhower
appointed Twining chairman of the Joint Chiefs.
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
231    "... General Jimmy Doolittle, ..."
"Soon after the attack on Pearl Harbor and the US entry into World War II,
Doolittle was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel on January 2, 1942, and went
to Headquarters Army Air Force to plan the first aerial raid on the


--- Page 363 ---
Japanese homeland. He volunteered and received Gen. H.H. Arnold's
approval to lead the attack of 16 B-25 medium bombers from the
aircraft carrier USS Hornet, with targets in Tokyo, Kobe, Osaka, and
Nagoya. It was the first and only combat mission of his military career.
Doolittle received the Medal of Honor, presented by President Franklin D.
Roosevelt at the White House, for planning and leading the successful
operation. The Doolittle Raid is viewed by historians as a major public-
relations victory for the United States. Although the amount of damage done
to Japanese war industry was minor, the raid showed the Japanese
their homeland was not invulnerable.
Doolittle was portrayed by Spencer Tracy in the 1944 film Thirty Seconds
Over Tokyo and by Alec Baldwin in the 2001 film Pearl Harbor, in which
the Doolittle raid was depicted.
On May 10, 1946, Doolittle reverted to inactive reserve status and returned
to Shell Oil as a vice president, and later as a director. He was the highest-
ranking reserve officer to serve in the U.S. military in World War II."
EDITOR -In March 1951, he was appointed a special assistant to the Air
Force chief of staff, serving as a civilian in scientific matters which led to
Air Force ballistic missile and space programs. (?!)
"He retired from Air Force duty on February 28, 1959 but continued to
serve his country as Chairman of the Board of Space Technology
Laboratories."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
232    "...General Vandenberg..."
Lieutenant General Vandenberg was designated vice chief of staff of the
Air Force on October 1, 1947, and promoted to the rank of General.
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
233    "... General Norstad..."
"On October 1, 1947, following the division of the War Department into
the Departments of The Army and The Air Force, General Norstad was
appointed deputy chief of staff for operations of the Air Force."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
234    "... Charles Lindbergh was also in the office..."
"Charles Lindbergh gained sudden great international fame as the first
pilot to fly solo across the Atlantic Ocean. He flew from Roosevelt Airfield
in Garden City, New York, to Paris (Le Bourget Airport) on 20 May - 21


--- Page 364 ---
May 1927 in 33.5 hours. His plane was the single-engine aircraft, The
Spirit of St. Louis.
Lindbergh's accomplishment won him the Orteig Prize; more significant
than the prize money was the acclaim that resulted from his daring flight.
A ticker-tape parade was held for him down 5th Avenue in New York City
on 13 June 1927.
His public stature following this flight was such that he became an
important voice on behalf of aviation activities, including the central
committee of the National Advisory Committee for Aeronautics in the
United States. The massive publicity surrounding him and his
flight boosted the aircraft industry and made a skeptical public take air
travel seriously. Lindbergh is recognized in aviation for demonstrating
and charting polar air-routes, high altitude flying techniques, and
increasing aircraft flying range by decreasing fuel consumption.
These innovations are the basis of modern intercontinental air travel.
In his six months during WWII in the Pacific in 1944, Lindbergh took
part in fighter bomber raids on Japanese positions, flying about 50 combat
missions (as a civilian). The U.S.
Marine and Army Air Force pilots who served with Lindbergh admired
and respected him, praising his courage and defending his patriotism.
After World War II he lived quietly in Connecticut as a consultant both to
the chief of staff of the U. S. Air Force and to Pan American World
Airways. His 1953 book The Spirit of St.
Louis, recounting his non-stop transatlantic flight, won the Pulitzer Prize
in 1954.
Dwight D. Eisenhower restored Lindbergh's assignment with the Army Air
Corps and made him a Brigadier General in 1954. In that year, he served
on the Congressional advisory panel set up to establish the site of the
United States Air Force Academy. In December 1968, he visited the crew
of Apollo 8 on the eve of the first manned spaceflight to leave earth orbit.
From the 1960s on, Lindbergh became an advocate for the conservation of
the natural world, campaigning to protect endangered species like
humpback and blue whales, was instrumental in establishing protections
for the "primitive" Filipino group the Tasaday and African tribes, and
supporting the establishment of a national park. While studying the native
flora and fauna of the Philippines, he also became involved in an effort to
protect the Philippine eagle.
In his final years, Lindbergh became troubled that the world was out of


--- Page 365 ---
balance with its natural environment; he stressed the need to regain that
balance, and spoke against the introduction of supersonic airliners.
Lindbergh's speeches and writings later in life emphasized his love of both
technology and nature, and a lifelong belief that "all the achievements of
mankind have value only to the extent that they preserve and improve the
quality of life."
In a 1967 Life magazine article, he said, "The human future depends on our
ability to combine the knowledge of science with the wisdom of wildness."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
235    "...Dr. Wilcox..."
Paul h. Wilcox, M. D. The Traverse City State Hospital, Traverse City,
Michigan.
Is the author of the following article, published in the American Journal of
Psychiatry in August of 1947:
"A Review of Over 23,000 Treatments Using Unidirectional Currents
1.    Forty percent of the most chronic patients showed significant
improvement in ward behavior if adequately and repeatedly treated with
suitable type of electroshock therapy. Relapses must be treated whenever
they occur over months and years.
2.    At least 60% of early cases, aged 60 or under, were rehabilitated within
1 year when adequately treated and 65% by the end of the second year after
the start of treatment.
3.    Adequate treatment means intensive treatment until the expected
improvement has occurred and intensive treatment of relapses when they
occur. No patient, otherwise suitable who still is not rehabilitated after 1
year, has had an adequate trial of treatment with less than 20 treatments.
4.    An ideal therapy is one which achieves beneficial results without
causing accumulating brain damage, thus permitting its use repeatedly for
years if necessary.
5.    This ideal is approached by the relatively low intensity 60-cycle
pulsating direct current used in the treatment of the patients reviewed in this
paper. This technique also has been accompanied by an exceptionally low
percentage of skeletal complications."
-- Reference: American Journal of Psychiatry 104:100-112, August 1947,
doi: 10.1176/appi.ajp.104.2.100 © 1947 American Psychiatric Association
236    "...Electroencephalograph..."


--- Page 366 ---
Electroencephalography (EEG) is the measurement of electrical activity
produced by the brain as recorded from electrodes placed on the scalp.
(EEG) is the measurement of electrical activity produced by the brain as
recorded from electrodes placed on the scalp.
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
237    "...introduced himself as Mr. John Reid ..."
"John Edward Reid, American criminologist developed a Polygraph in
1945 which was a scientific recording device designed to register a
person's bodily responses to being questioned. Popularly known as a lie
detector, the polygraph has been used chiefly in criminal investigations,
although it is also used in employment and security screening practices.
Because no machine can unerringly recognize when a person is lying,
the polygraph results are used in conjunction with other evidence,
observations, and information. Emotional stress reflected by this test, for
instance, need not be due to lying. On the other hand, a subject may be a
pathological liar and therefore show no measurable bodily responses
when giving false answers. Ordinary nervousness, individual physical or
mental abnormalities, discomfort, excessive pretest interrogation, or
indifference to a question also affect test accuracy. The polygraph can,
however, provide a basis for an evaluation of whether or not the subject's
answers are truthful. This test has also been helpful in exonerating
innocent persons accused of crimes.
A polygraph is actually several instruments combined to simultaneously
record changes in blood pressure, pulse, and respiration. The electrical
conductivity of the skin's surface can also be measured—increased sweat-
gland activity reduces the skin's ability to carry electrical current."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
238    "...lie detector testing..."
"Dr. William Moulton Marston (May 9, 1893 - May 2, 1947) was an
American psychologist, feminist theorist, inventor, and comic book author
who created the character Wonder Woman. Two strong women, his wife
Elizabeth Holloway Marston and Olive Byrne, (who lived with the couple
in a polyamorous relationship), served as exemplars for the character and
greatly influenced her creation.
Dr. William Moulton Marston is credited as the creator of the systolic
blood-pressure test used in an attempt to detect deception, which became
one component of the modern polygraph. According to their son,
Marston's wife, Elizabeth Holloway Marston, was also involved in the
development of the systolic blood-pressure test: "According to Marston’s


--- Page 367 ---
son, it was his mother Elizabeth, Marston’s wife, who suggested to him
that 'When she got mad or excited, her blood pressure seemed to climb'.
This would be the basis for Wonder Woman's Lasso of Truth.
The FBI considered William Moulton Marston, who invented the lie
detector and created the comic book character Wonder Woman under the
pseudonym Charles Moulton, to be a 'phony' and a 'crackpot.' He is
alleged to have misrepresented the result of a study he conducted for the
Gillette razor company in 1938, for which he reportedly received
some $30,000, a handsome sum in those days. Despite these misgivings,
the FBI today uses Marston's creation (the polygraph, not the Lasso of
Truth) to guide investigations as well as to screen applicants and
employees."
239    "...truth serum..."
"Sodium thiopental, better known as Sodium Pentothal (a trademark of
Abbott Laboratories), thiopental, thiopentone sodium, or trapanal, is a
rapid-onset short-acting barbiturate general anaesthetic. It is an
intravenous ultra-short-acting barbiturate. Sodium thiopental is a
depressant and is sometimes used during interrogations - not to cause
pain (in fact, it may have just the opposite effect), but to weaken the
resolve of the subject and make him or her more compliant to pressure.
Thiopental is still used in some places as a truth serum. The barbiturates
as a class decrease higher cortical brain functioning. Psychiatrists
hypothesize that because lying is more complex than telling the truth,
suppression of the higher cortical functions may lead to the uncovering of
the "truth". However, the reliability of confessions made under thiopental
is dubious; the drug tends to make subjects chatty and cooperative with
interrogators, but a practiced liar or someone who has a false story firmly
established would still be quite able to lie while under the influence of the
drug."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
240    "...the Witness Protection Program..."
"(also known as the Witness Security Program, or WitSec) was established
under Title V of the Organized Crime Control Act of 1970, which in turn
sets out the manner in which the U.S. Attorney General may provide for
the relocation and protection of a witness or potential witness of the


--- Page 368 ---
federal government, or for a state government in an official
proceeding concerning organized crime or other serious offenses. See 18
U.S.C.A 3521 et. seq.
The Federal Government also gives grants to the states to enable them to
provide similar services. The federal program is called WITSEC (the
Federal Witness Protection Program) and was founded in the late 1960s
by Gerald Shur when he was in the Organized Crime and Racketeering
Section of the United States Department of Justice. Most witnesses
are protected by the U.S. Marshals Service, while protection of
incarcerated witnesses is the duty of the Federal Bureau of Prisons.
Normally, the witness is provided with a new name and location.
Witnesses are encouraged to keep their first names and choose last names
with the same initial. The U. S. Marshals Service provides new
documentation, assists in finding housing and employment and provides a
stipend until the witness gets on his or her feet, but the stipend can
be discontinued if the U.S. Marshals Service feels that the witness is not
making an aggressive effort to find a job. Witnesses are not to travel back
to their hometowns or contact unprotected family members or former
associates. Around 17 percent of protected witnesses that have committed
a crime will commit another crime, compared to the almost 40 percent of
parolees who return to crime. This has led to action by Congressional
committees requiring WITSEC and other witness protection programs to
notify local officials of a witness' transfer before relocating them.
Many states, including California, Illinois, and New York, have their own
witness protection programs for crimes not covered by the federal
program. The state-run programs provide less extensive protections than
the federal program."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
241    "... Suleiman the Magnificent..."
"Suleiman I (Ottoman Turkish: □□□□□□ Sulayman, Turkish: Suleyman;
almost always Kanuni Sultan Suleyman in Turkish) (November 6, 1494 -
September 5/6, 1566), was the tenth and longest-reigning Sultan of the
Ottoman Empire, from 1520 to his death in 1566. He is known in the West
as Suleiman the Magnificent and in the East, as the Lawgiver (in Turkish
Kanuni; Arabic: □□□□□□□□, al - QanUnJ), for his complete reconstruction
of the Ottoman legal system. Suleiman became the pre-eminent monarch of
16th century Europe, presiding over the apex of the Ottoman Empire's
military, political and economic power. Suleiman personally led Ottoman


--- Page 369 ---
armies to conquer the Christian strongholds of Belgrade, Rhodes, and most
of Hungary before his conquests were checked at the Siege of Vienna
in 1529. He annexed most of the Middle East in his conflict with the
Persians and large swathes of North Africa as far west as Algeria. Under
his rule, the Ottoman fleet dominated the seas from the Mediterranean to the
Indian Ocean.
At the helm of an expanding empire, Suleiman personally instituted
legislative changes relating to society, education, taxation, and criminal
law. His canonical law (or the Kanuns) fixed the form of the empire for
centuries after his death. Not only was Suleiman a distinguished poet and
goldsmith in his own right; he also became a great patron of
culture, overseeing the golden age of the Ottoman Empire's artistic, literary
and architectural development.
In a break with Ottoman tradition, Suleiman married a harem girl who
became HUrrem Sultan, whose intrigues in the court and power over the
Sultan have become as famous as Suleiman himself."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
242    "... His assistant was a harem girl who rose up
from slavery to become his wife..."
" According to late sixteenth century and early seventeenth century sources
such as the Polish poet Samuel Twardowski, she was born in the town
which was then part of the Kingdom of Poland. She was captured by
Crimean Tatars during one of their frequent raids into this region and taken
as a slave, probably first to the Crimean city of Kaffa, a major centre of the
slave trade, then to Istanbul, and was selected for Suleyman's harem.
Suleiman was infatuated with Hurrem Sultan, a harem girl of Ruthenian
origin. In the West foreign diplomats, taking notice of the palace gossip
about her, called her "Russelazie" or "Roxolana", referring to her Slavic
origins. The daughter of an Orthodox Ukrainian priest, she was captured
and rose through the ranks of the Harem to become Suleiman's
favorite. Breaking with two centuries of Ottoman tradition, a former
concubine had thus become the legal wife of the Sultan, much to the
astonishment of observers in the palace and the city. He also allowed
Hurrem Sultan to remain with him at court for the rest of her life,
breaking another tradition—that when imperial heirs came of age, they
would be sent along with the imperial concubine who bore them to govern
remote provinces of the Empire, never to return unless their progeny


--- Page 370 ---
succeeded to the throne.
Under his pen name, Muhibbi, Suleiman composed this poem for
Roxolana:
"Throne of my lonely niche, my wealth, my love, my moonlight.
My most sincere friend, my confidant, my very existence, my Sultan, my one
and only love.
The most beautiful among the beautiful...
My springtime, my merry faced love, my daytime, my sweetheart, laughing
leaf...
My plants, my sweet, my rose, the one only who does not distress me in this
world...
My Istanbul, my Caraman, the earth of my Anatolia My Badakhshan, my
Baghdad and Khorasan
My woman of the beautiful hair, my love of the slanted brow, my love of
eyes full of mischief.
I’ll sing your praises always
I, lover of the tormented heart, Muhibbi of the eyes full of tears, I am
happy."
Roxelana, as she is better known in Europe, is well-known both in modern
Turkey and in the West, and is the subject of many artistic works. She has
inspired paintings, musical works (including Joseph Haydn's Symphony
No. 63), an opera by Denys Sichynsky, a ballet, plays, and several novels."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
243 "... Queen Elizabeth..."
Elizabeth I (7 September 1533 - 24 March 1603) was Queen of England
and Queen of Ireland from 17 November 1558 until her death. Sometimes
called The Virgin Queen, Gloriana, The Faerie Queen or Good Queen
Bess, Elizabeth was the fifth and last monarch of the Tudor dynasty. The
daughter of Henry VIII, she was born a princess, but her mother, Anne
Boleyn, was executed three years after her birth, and Elizabeth was
declared illegitimate. Perhaps for that reason, her brother, Edward VI, cut
her out of the succession. His will, however, was set aside, as it
contravened the Third Succession Act of 1543, in which Elizabeth was
named as successor provided that Mary I of England, Elizabeth's
halfsister, should die without issue. In 1558, Elizabeth succeeded her half-
sister, during whose reign she had been imprisoned for nearly a year on


--- Page 371 ---
suspicion of supporting Protestant rebels.
Elizabeth set out to rule by good counsel. One of her first moves was to
support the establishment of an English Protestant church, of which she
became the Supreme Governor. This Elizabethan Religious Settlement
held firm throughout her reign and later evolved into today's Church of
England. It was expected that Elizabeth would marry, but despite
several petitions from parliament, she never did. The reasons for this
choice are unknown, and they have been much debated. As she grew
older, Elizabeth became famous for her virginity, and a cult grew up
around her which was celebrated in the portraits, pageants and
literature of the day.
One of her mottos was video et taceo; "I see, and say nothing".
This strategy, viewed with impatience by her counselors, often saved her
from political and marital misalliances. Though Elizabeth was cautious in
foreign affairs and only half-heartedly supported a number of ineffective,
poorly resourced military campaigns in the Netherlands, France and
Ireland, the defeat of the Spanish armada in 1588 associated her
name forever with what is popularly viewed as one of the greatest victories
in British history. Within twenty years of her death, she was being
celebrated as the ruler of a golden age, an image that retains its hold on
the English people. Elizabeth's reign is known as the Elizabethan era,
famous above all for the flourishing of English drama, led by playwrights
such as William Shakespeare and Christopher Marlowe."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 372 ---
244    "... he was incarnated as Cecil
Rhodes."
Cecil John Rhodes, (July 5, 1853 - March 26, 1902) was a British-born
South African businessman, mining magnate, and politician. He was the
founder of the diamond company De Beers, which today markets 60% of the
world's rough diamonds and at one time marketed 90%. He was an ardent
believer in colonialism and was the founder of the state of Rhodesia, which
was named after him.
Rhodes profited greatly from controlling Southern Africa's natural
resources, the proceeds of which funded the Rhodes Scholarship upon his
death. Rhodes never married, pleading that "I have too much work on my
hands" and saying that he would not be a dutiful husband. Queen Victoria
reportedly asked him if he was a woman-hater, which Rhodes denied
insisting “How could I dislike a sex to which your Majesty belongs?’’
Rhodes famously declared:
"To think of these stars that you see overhead at night, these vast worlds
which we can never reach. I would annex the planets if I could; I often
think of that. It makes me sad to see them so clear and yet so far."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 373 ---
245    "... she was a Polish princess..."
"Princess Catherine Radziwill (March 30, 1858 - May 12, 1941) was a
Polish princess from a famous Polish-Lithuanian aristocratic family called
the Radziwills. She was born as Countess Ekaterina Adamovna Rzewuska.
She married Prince Wilhelm Radziwill at age 15 and moved to Berlin to live
with his family. It was speculated that she was the author of a book
gossiping about the German Emperor William II and Berlin society in 1884
under the pen name Paul Vasili.
She stalked the English-born South African politician Cecil Rhodes and
asked him to marry her, but he refused. She wrote a biography of Rhodes
called "Cecil Rhodes: Man and Empire Maker".
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
246    "... One was named Kelly..."
William Kelly (August 22, 1811 - February 11, 1888), born in Pittsburgh,
Pennsylvania, was an American inventor. Kelly studied metallurgy at the
Western University of Pennsylvania. Kelly started experimenting with his
"air-boiling process," a process of blowing air up through molten iron to
reduce the carbon content, in 1847. His initial goal was to reduce the
amount of fuel required for iron and steel making, because of the immense
amount of timber required to make the charcoal. He discovered that,
contrary to the expectations of his iron workers, the injected air did not cool
the molten iron, but instead combined with the carbon to cause the iron to
boil and burn violently until the carbon was greatly reduced, improving the
quality of the iron or converting it to steel. His experiments began in
1847. The same process was later independently invented and patented
by Henry Bessemer."


--- Page 374 ---
247    "...the other was Bessemer..."
"Sir Henry Bessemer (January 19, 1813 - March 15, 1898), English
engineer and inventor. Bessemer's name is chiefly known in connection with
the Bessemer process for the manufacturing of steel. Patents of such obvious
value did not escape criticism, and invalidity was freely urged against them
on various grounds. But Bessemer was fortunate enough to maintain them
intact without litigation, though he found it advisable to buy up the rights of
one patentee, while in another case he was freed from anxiety by the patent
being allowed to lapse in 1859 through non-payment of fees."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org


--- Page 375 ---
248    " Another IS-BE who did this was
Alexander Bell..."
"/As is sometimes common in scientific discoveries, simultaneous
developments can occur, as evidenced by a number of inventors who were at
work on the telephone.
Alexander Graham Bell (3 March 1847 - 2 August 1922) was an eminent
scientist, inventor and innovator who is credited with the invention of the
telephone. His father, grandfather and brother had all been associated with
work on elocution and speech, and both his mother and wife were deaf,
profoundly influencing Bell's life's work. His research on hearing and
speech further led him to experiment with hearing devices that eventually
culminated in Bell being awarded the first U.S. patent for the invention of
the telephone in 1876.
In reflection, Bell considered his most famous invention an intrusion on his
real work as a scientist and refused to have a telephone in his study."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
249    ..." it was invented by several others, including Elisha Gray."
"Elisha Gray (August 2, 1835 - January 21, 1901) was an American
electrical engineer and is best known for his development of a telephone
prototype in 1876 in Highland Park, Illinois, U.S.A.. Mr. Elisha Gray, of
Chicago also devised a tone telegraph of this kind about the same time as
Herr La Cour. In this apparatus a vibrating steel reed interrupted the
current, which at the other end of the line passed through an electromagnet
and vibrated a matching steel reed near its poles. Gray's 'harmonic
telegraph,' with the vibrating reeds, was used by the Western Union
Telegraph Company. Since more than one set of vibrations — that is to say,
more than one note — can be sent over the same wire simultaneously, the
harmonic telegraph can be utilised as a 'multiplex' or many-ply telegraph,
conveying several messages through the same wire at once; and these can
either be read by the operator by the sound, or a permanent record can be
made by the marks drawn on a ribbon of travelling paper by a Morse
recorder. Bell's March 10, 1876 laboratory notebook entry describing his
first successful experiment with the telephone.
Bell's patent application for the telephone was filed in the US patent office
on February 14, 1876. The usual story says that Bell got to the patent office
an hour or two before his rival Elisha Gray, and that Gray lost his rights to


--- Page 376 ---
the telephone as a result.
According to Gray's account, his patent caveat was taken to the US patent
office a few hours before Bell's application, shortly after the patent office
opened and remained near the bottom of the in-basket until that afternoon.
Bell's application was filed shortly before noon on 14 February by Bell's
lawyer who requested that the filing fee be entered immediately onto the
cash receipts blotter and that Bell's application be taken to the
examiner immediately. Late that afternoon, the fee for Gray's caveat was
entered on the cash blotter and the caveat was not taken to the examiner
until the following day. The fact that Bell's filing fee was recorded earlier
than Gray's fee led to the story that Bell had arrived at the patent office
earlier. Bell was in Boston on February 14 and did not know this was
happening until he arrived in Washington on February 26. Whether Bell's
application was filed before or after Gray's caveat no longer mattered,
because Gray abandoned his caveat, which opened the door to Bell being
granted U.S. Patent 174,465_ for the telephone on 7 March 1876."
-- Reference: Wikipedia.org
END OF FOOTNOTES


